file = 0 particle = gamma
file = 1 particle = gamma
file = 2 particle = gamma
file = 3 particle = gamma
file = 4 particle = gamma
file = 5 particle = gamma
file = 6 particle = gamma
file = 7 particle = gamma
file = 8 particle = gamma
file = 9 particle = gamma
file = 10 particle = neutron
file = 11 particle = gamma
file = 12 particle = neutron
file = 13 particle = gamma
file = 14 particle = gamma
file = 15 particle = gamma
file = 16 particle = gamma
file = 17 particle = gamma
file = 18 particle = gamma
file = 19 particle = gamma
file = 20 particle = gamma
file = 21 particle = gamma
file = 22 particle = gamma
file = 23 particle = gamma
file = 24 particle = gamma
file = 25 particle = gamma
file = 26 particle = gamma
file = 27 particle = gamma
file = 28 particle = gamma
file = 29 particle = gamma
file = 30 particle = gamma
file = 31 particle = gamma
file = 32 particle = neutron
file = 33 particle = gamma
file = 34 particle = gamma
file = 35 particle = gamma
file = 36 particle = gamma
file = 37 particle = gamma
file = 38 particle = gamma
file = 39 particle = gamma
file = 40 particle = gamma
file = 41 particle = neutron
file = 42 particle = gamma
file = 43 particle = gamma
file = 44 particle = gamma
file = 45 particle = neutron
file = 46 particle = gamma
file = 47 particle = gamma
file = 48 particle = gamma
file = 49 particle = gamma
file = 50 particle = gamma
file = 51 particle = gamma
file = 52 particle = neutron
file = 53 particle = gamma
file = 54 particle = gamma
file = 55 particle = gamma
file = 56 particle = neutron
file = 57 particle = gamma
file = 58 particle = gamma
file = 59 particle = gamma
file = 60 particle = gamma
file = 61 particle = gamma
file = 62 particle = neutron
file = 63 particle = gamma
file = 64 particle = neutron
file = 65 particle = gamma
file = 66 particle = gamma
file = 67 particle = gamma
file = 68 particle = gamma
file = 69 particle = gamma
file = 70 particle = gamma
file = 71 particle = gamma
file = 72 particle = gamma
file = 73 particle = gamma
file = 74 particle = neutron
file = 75 particle = gamma
file = 76 particle = gamma
file = 77 particle = neutron
file = 78 particle = gamma
file = 79 particle = neutron
file = 80 particle = gamma
file = 81 particle = gamma
file = 82 particle = gamma
file = 83 particle = gamma
file = 84 particle = gamma
file = 85 particle = gamma
file = 86 particle = gamma
file = 87 particle = gamma
file = 88 particle = gamma
file = 89 particle = gamma
file = 90 particle = gamma
file = 91 particle = gamma
file = 92 particle = neutron
file = 93 particle = gamma
file = 94 particle = gamma
file = 95 particle = gamma
file = 96 particle = gamma
file = 97 particle = neutron
file = 98 particle = gamma
file = 99 particle = neutron
file = 100 particle = gamma
file = 101 particle = gamma
file = 102 particle = gamma
file = 103 particle = gamma
file = 104 particle = gamma
file = 105 particle = gamma
file = 106 particle = gamma
file = 107 particle = gamma
file = 108 particle = gamma
file = 109 particle = gamma
file = 110 particle = gamma
file = 111 particle = gamma
file = 112 particle = gamma
file = 113 particle = gamma
file = 114 particle = neutron
file = 115 particle = gamma
file = 116 particle = neutron
file = 117 particle = gamma
file = 118 particle = neutron
file = 119 particle = gamma
file = 120 particle = neutron
file = 121 particle = neutron
file = 122 particle = gamma
file = 123 particle = gamma
file = 124 particle = gamma
file = 125 particle = gamma
file = 126 particle = neutron
file = 127 particle = gamma
file = 128 particle = gamma
file = 129 particle = neutron
file = 130 particle = gamma
file = 131 particle = gamma
file = 132 particle = gamma
file = 133 particle = neutron
file = 134 particle = gamma
file = 135 particle = gamma
file = 136 particle = gamma
file = 137 particle = gamma
file = 138 particle = gamma
file = 139 particle = neutron
file = 140 particle = gamma
file = 141 particle = gamma
file = 142 particle = gamma
file = 143 particle = gamma
file = 144 particle = gamma
file = 145 particle = neutron
file = 146 particle = gamma
file = 147 particle = gamma
file = 148 particle = gamma
file = 149 particle = gamma
file = 150 particle = gamma
file = 151 particle = gamma
file = 152 particle = gamma
file = 153 particle = gamma
file = 154 particle = gamma
file = 155 particle = gamma
file = 156 particle = gamma
file = 157 particle = gamma
file = 158 particle = gamma
file = 159 particle = gamma
file = 160 particle = gamma
file = 161 particle = gamma
file = 162 particle = gamma
file = 163 particle = gamma
file = 164 particle = gamma
file = 165 particle = gamma
file = 166 particle = gamma
file = 167 particle = gamma
file = 168 particle = gamma
file = 169 particle = gamma
file = 170 particle = gamma
file = 171 particle = gamma
file = 172 particle = gamma
file = 173 particle = neutron
file = 174 particle = gamma
file = 175 particle = gamma
file = 176 particle = gamma
file = 177 particle = gamma
file = 178 particle = gamma
file = 179 particle = gamma
file = 180 particle = neutron
file = 181 particle = gamma
file = 182 particle = gamma
file = 183 particle = gamma
file = 184 particle = neutron
file = 185 particle = gamma
file = 186 particle = gamma
file = 187 particle = gamma
file = 188 particle = neutron
file = 189 particle = gamma
file = 190 particle = neutron
file = 191 particle = gamma
file = 192 particle = gamma
file = 193 particle = gamma
file = 194 particle = gamma
file = 195 particle = gamma
file = 196 particle = neutron
file = 197 particle = gamma
file = 198 particle = gamma
file = 199 particle = neutron
file = 200 particle = gamma
file = 201 particle = gamma
file = 202 particle = neutron
file = 203 particle = gamma
file = 204 particle = gamma
file = 205 particle = gamma
file = 206 particle = gamma
file = 207 particle = gamma
file = 208 particle = neutron
file = 209 particle = gamma
file = 210 particle = gamma
file = 211 particle = neutron
file = 212 particle = gamma
file = 213 particle = gamma
file = 214 particle = gamma
file = 215 particle = gamma
file = 216 particle = gamma
file = 217 particle = neutron
file = 218 particle = gamma
file = 219 particle = gamma
file = 220 particle = gamma
file = 221 particle = gamma
file = 222 particle = gamma
file = 223 particle = gamma
file = 224 particle = neutron
file = 225 particle = gamma
file = 226 particle = gamma
file = 227 particle = gamma
file = 228 particle = gamma
file = 229 particle = gamma
file = 230 particle = neutron
file = 231 particle = gamma
file = 232 particle = neutron
file = 233 particle = gamma
file = 234 particle = gamma
file = 235 particle = gamma
file = 236 particle = neutron
file = 237 particle = gamma
file = 238 particle = neutron
file = 239 particle = neutron
file = 240 particle = gamma
file = 241 particle = gamma
file = 242 particle = neutron
file = 243 particle = gamma
file = 244 particle = gamma
file = 245 particle = neutron
file = 246 particle = gamma
file = 247 particle = gamma
file = 248 particle = gamma
file = 249 particle = gamma
file = 250 particle = gamma
file = 251 particle = gamma
file = 252 particle = neutron
file = 253 particle = gamma
file = 254 particle = neutron
file = 255 particle = gamma
file = 256 particle = gamma
file = 257 particle = gamma
file = 258 particle = gamma
file = 259 particle = gamma
file = 260 particle = gamma
file = 261 particle = neutron
file = 262 particle = gamma
file = 263 particle = gamma
file = 264 particle = gamma
file = 265 particle = gamma
file = 266 particle = gamma
file = 267 particle = gamma
file = 268 particle = gamma
file = 269 particle = gamma
file = 270 particle = gamma
file = 271 particle = gamma
file = 272 particle = gamma
file = 273 particle = neutron
file = 274 particle = gamma
file = 275 particle = gamma
file = 276 particle = gamma
file = 277 particle = gamma
file = 278 particle = gamma
file = 279 particle = gamma
file = 280 particle = gamma
file = 281 particle = gamma
file = 282 particle = gamma
file = 283 particle = gamma
file = 284 particle = gamma
file = 285 particle = gamma
file = 286 particle = gamma
file = 287 particle = gamma
file = 288 particle = gamma
file = 289 particle = gamma
file = 290 particle = gamma
file = 291 particle = gamma
file = 292 particle = gamma
file = 293 particle = gamma
file = 294 particle = gamma
file = 295 particle = gamma
file = 296 particle = gamma
file = 297 particle = gamma
file = 298 particle = neutron
file = 299 particle = gamma
file = 300 particle = gamma
file = 301 particle = neutron
file = 302 particle = gamma
file = 303 particle = gamma
file = 304 particle = gamma
file = 305 particle = gamma
file = 306 particle = gamma
file = 307 particle = gamma
file = 308 particle = gamma
file = 309 particle = neutron
file = 310 particle = gamma
file = 311 particle = gamma
file = 312 particle = gamma
file = 313 particle = gamma
file = 314 particle = gamma
file = 315 particle = gamma
file = 316 particle = gamma
file = 317 particle = gamma
file = 318 particle = gamma
file = 319 particle = gamma
file = 320 particle = gamma
file = 321 particle = gamma
file = 322 particle = neutron
file = 323 particle = gamma
file = 324 particle = gamma
file = 325 particle = gamma
file = 326 particle = gamma
file = 327 particle = gamma
file = 328 particle = gamma
file = 329 particle = gamma
file = 330 particle = gamma
file = 331 particle = gamma
file = 332 particle = gamma
file = 333 particle = gamma
file = 334 particle = gamma
file = 335 particle = gamma
file = 336 particle = gamma
file = 337 particle = neutron
file = 338 particle = neutron
file = 339 particle = gamma
file = 340 particle = gamma
file = 341 particle = gamma
file = 342 particle = gamma
file = 343 particle = gamma
file = 344 particle = gamma
file = 345 particle = neutron
file = 346 particle = neutron
file = 347 particle = gamma
file = 348 particle = gamma
file = 349 particle = gamma
file = 350 particle = neutron
file = 351 particle = gamma
file = 352 particle = gamma
file = 353 particle = gamma
file = 354 particle = gamma
file = 355 particle = gamma
file = 356 particle = gamma
file = 357 particle = gamma
file = 358 particle = neutron
file = 359 particle = gamma
file = 360 particle = gamma
file = 361 particle = gamma
file = 362 particle = gamma
file = 363 particle = gamma
file = 364 particle = gamma
file = 365 particle = gamma
file = 366 particle = gamma
file = 367 particle = gamma
file = 368 particle = gamma
file = 369 particle = gamma
file = 370 particle = gamma
file = 371 particle = gamma
file = 372 particle = gamma
file = 373 particle = gamma
file = 374 particle = gamma
file = 375 particle = gamma
file = 376 particle = gamma
file = 377 particle = gamma
file = 378 particle = neutron
file = 379 particle = gamma
file = 380 particle = neutron
file = 381 particle = gamma
file = 382 particle = gamma
file = 383 particle = gamma
file = 384 particle = gamma
file = 385 particle = gamma
file = 386 particle = neutron
file = 387 particle = neutron
file = 388 particle = neutron
file = 389 particle = gamma
file = 390 particle = gamma
file = 391 particle = neutron
file = 392 particle = gamma
file = 393 particle = gamma
file = 394 particle = neutron
file = 395 particle = gamma
file = 396 particle = gamma
file = 397 particle = gamma
file = 398 particle = gamma
file = 399 particle = neutron
file = 400 particle = gamma
file = 401 particle = gamma
file = 402 particle = gamma
file = 403 particle = gamma
file = 404 particle = gamma
file = 405 particle = gamma
file = 406 particle = gamma
file = 407 particle = gamma
file = 408 particle = gamma
file = 409 particle = gamma
file = 410 particle = gamma
file = 411 particle = gamma
file = 412 particle = gamma
file = 413 particle = neutron
file = 414 particle = gamma
file = 415 particle = gamma
file = 416 particle = neutron
file = 417 particle = gamma
file = 418 particle = gamma
file = 419 particle = gamma
file = 420 particle = gamma
file = 421 particle = gamma
file = 422 particle = gamma
file = 423 particle = neutron
file = 424 particle = gamma
file = 425 particle = neutron
file = 426 particle = gamma
file = 427 particle = neutron
file = 428 particle = gamma
file = 429 particle = neutron
file = 430 particle = gamma
file = 431 particle = gamma
file = 432 particle = gamma
file = 433 particle = gamma
file = 434 particle = neutron
file = 435 particle = gamma
file = 436 particle = gamma
file = 437 particle = gamma
file = 438 particle = gamma
file = 439 particle = gamma
file = 440 particle = gamma
file = 441 particle = gamma
file = 442 particle = gamma
file = 443 particle = gamma
file = 444 particle = gamma
file = 445 particle = neutron
file = 446 particle = gamma
file = 447 particle = gamma
file = 448 particle = gamma
file = 449 particle = gamma
file = 450 particle = neutron
file = 451 particle = gamma
file = 452 particle = gamma
file = 453 particle = gamma
file = 454 particle = gamma
file = 455 particle = gamma
file = 456 particle = neutron
file = 457 particle = gamma
file = 458 particle = gamma
file = 459 particle = gamma
file = 460 particle = gamma
file = 461 particle = gamma
file = 462 particle = gamma
file = 463 particle = gamma
file = 464 particle = gamma
file = 465 particle = gamma
file = 466 particle = gamma
file = 467 particle = gamma
file = 468 particle = gamma
file = 469 particle = gamma
file = 470 particle = gamma
file = 471 particle = gamma
file = 472 particle = gamma
file = 473 particle = gamma
file = 474 particle = gamma
file = 475 particle = gamma
file = 476 particle = gamma
file = 477 particle = gamma
file = 478 particle = gamma
file = 479 particle = neutron
file = 480 particle = gamma
file = 481 particle = gamma
file = 482 particle = gamma
file = 483 particle = gamma
file = 484 particle = gamma
file = 485 particle = gamma
file = 486 particle = gamma
file = 487 particle = neutron
file = 488 particle = gamma
file = 489 particle = gamma
file = 490 particle = gamma
file = 491 particle = gamma
file = 492 particle = neutron
file = 493 particle = neutron
file = 494 particle = gamma
file = 495 particle = gamma
file = 496 particle = neutron
file = 497 particle = gamma
file = 498 particle = gamma
file = 499 particle = gamma
file = 500 particle = gamma
file = 501 particle = gamma
file = 502 particle = gamma
file = 503 particle = gamma
file = 504 particle = gamma
file = 505 particle = gamma
file = 506 particle = gamma
file = 507 particle = gamma
file = 508 particle = gamma
file = 509 particle = gamma
file = 510 particle = gamma
file = 511 particle = gamma
file = 512 particle = neutron
file = 513 particle = gamma
file = 514 particle = gamma
file = 515 particle = gamma
file = 516 particle = gamma
file = 517 particle = gamma
file = 518 particle = gamma
file = 519 particle = gamma
file = 520 particle = neutron
file = 521 particle = gamma
file = 522 particle = gamma
file = 523 particle = neutron
file = 524 particle = gamma
file = 525 particle = gamma
file = 526 particle = gamma
file = 527 particle = gamma
file = 528 particle = neutron
file = 529 particle = gamma
file = 530 particle = neutron
file = 531 particle = gamma
file = 532 particle = neutron
file = 533 particle = gamma
file = 534 particle = neutron
file = 535 particle = gamma
file = 536 particle = gamma
file = 537 particle = gamma
file = 538 particle = gamma
file = 539 particle = gamma
file = 540 particle = gamma
file = 541 particle = gamma
file = 542 particle = gamma
file = 543 particle = gamma
file = 544 particle = gamma
file = 545 particle = gamma
file = 546 particle = gamma
file = 547 particle = gamma
file = 548 particle = gamma
file = 549 particle = neutron
file = 550 particle = gamma
file = 551 particle = gamma
file = 552 particle = gamma
file = 553 particle = gamma
file = 554 particle = gamma
file = 555 particle = gamma
file = 556 particle = gamma
file = 557 particle = gamma
file = 558 particle = gamma
file = 559 particle = gamma
file = 560 particle = gamma
file = 561 particle = neutron
file = 562 particle = gamma
file = 563 particle = neutron
file = 564 particle = gamma
file = 565 particle = gamma
file = 566 particle = gamma
file = 567 particle = gamma
file = 568 particle = gamma
file = 569 particle = gamma
file = 570 particle = gamma
file = 571 particle = gamma
file = 572 particle = neutron
file = 573 particle = gamma
file = 574 particle = gamma
file = 575 particle = gamma
file = 576 particle = gamma
file = 577 particle = gamma
file = 578 particle = gamma
file = 579 particle = neutron
file = 580 particle = neutron
file = 581 particle = gamma
file = 582 particle = gamma
file = 583 particle = gamma
file = 584 particle = gamma
file = 585 particle = gamma
file = 586 particle = gamma
file = 587 particle = gamma
file = 588 particle = gamma
file = 589 particle = gamma
file = 590 particle = gamma
file = 591 particle = gamma
file = 592 particle = gamma
file = 593 particle = gamma
file = 594 particle = gamma
file = 595 particle = neutron
file = 596 particle = gamma
file = 597 particle = gamma
file = 598 particle = gamma
file = 599 particle = gamma
file = 600 particle = gamma
file = 601 particle = neutron
file = 602 particle = neutron
file = 603 particle = gamma
file = 604 particle = gamma
file = 605 particle = neutron
file = 606 particle = neutron
file = 607 particle = gamma
file = 608 particle = neutron
file = 609 particle = neutron
file = 610 particle = neutron
file = 611 particle = gamma
file = 612 particle = gamma
file = 613 particle = gamma
file = 614 particle = neutron
file = 615 particle = neutron
file = 616 particle = neutron
file = 617 particle = neutron
file = 618 particle = gamma
file = 619 particle = gamma
file = 620 particle = gamma
file = 621 particle = gamma
file = 622 particle = gamma
file = 623 particle = neutron
file = 624 particle = gamma
file = 625 particle = neutron
file = 626 particle = gamma
file = 627 particle = gamma
file = 628 particle = gamma
file = 629 particle = neutron
file = 630 particle = neutron
file = 631 particle = neutron
file = 632 particle = gamma
file = 633 particle = gamma
file = 634 particle = gamma
file = 635 particle = gamma
file = 636 particle = gamma
file = 637 particle = gamma
file = 638 particle = neutron
file = 639 particle = gamma
file = 640 particle = gamma
file = 641 particle = gamma
file = 642 particle = gamma
file = 643 particle = gamma
file = 644 particle = gamma
file = 645 particle = gamma
file = 646 particle = gamma
file = 647 particle = gamma
file = 648 particle = gamma
file = 649 particle = neutron
file = 650 particle = gamma
file = 651 particle = gamma
file = 652 particle = gamma
file = 653 particle = neutron
file = 654 particle = gamma
file = 655 particle = gamma
file = 656 particle = gamma
file = 657 particle = gamma
file = 658 particle = gamma
file = 659 particle = gamma
file = 660 particle = gamma
file = 661 particle = gamma
file = 662 particle = gamma
file = 663 particle = gamma
file = 664 particle = gamma
file = 665 particle = gamma
file = 666 particle = gamma
file = 667 particle = gamma
file = 668 particle = gamma
file = 669 particle = gamma
file = 670 particle = gamma
file = 671 particle = gamma
file = 672 particle = gamma
file = 673 particle = gamma
file = 674 particle = gamma
file = 675 particle = gamma
file = 676 particle = gamma
file = 677 particle = gamma
file = 678 particle = gamma
file = 679 particle = gamma
file = 680 particle = neutron
file = 681 particle = neutron
file = 682 particle = gamma
file = 683 particle = gamma
file = 684 particle = gamma
file = 685 particle = gamma
file = 686 particle = gamma
file = 687 particle = gamma
file = 688 particle = gamma
file = 689 particle = neutron
file = 690 particle = gamma
file = 691 particle = gamma
file = 692 particle = gamma
file = 693 particle = gamma
file = 694 particle = gamma
file = 695 particle = gamma
file = 696 particle = neutron
file = 697 particle = gamma
file = 698 particle = gamma
file = 699 particle = neutron
file = 700 particle = gamma
file = 701 particle = gamma
file = 702 particle = gamma
file = 703 particle = gamma
file = 704 particle = neutron
file = 705 particle = gamma
file = 706 particle = gamma
file = 707 particle = gamma
file = 708 particle = gamma
file = 709 particle = gamma
file = 710 particle = gamma
file = 711 particle = neutron
file = 712 particle = neutron
file = 713 particle = gamma
file = 714 particle = gamma
file = 715 particle = gamma
file = 716 particle = neutron
file = 717 particle = gamma
file = 718 particle = gamma
file = 719 particle = gamma
file = 720 particle = neutron
file = 721 particle = gamma
file = 722 particle = gamma
file = 723 particle = gamma
file = 724 particle = gamma
file = 725 particle = gamma
file = 726 particle = neutron
file = 727 particle = gamma
file = 728 particle = neutron
file = 729 particle = gamma
file = 730 particle = gamma
file = 731 particle = gamma
file = 732 particle = gamma
file = 733 particle = gamma
file = 734 particle = gamma
file = 735 particle = gamma
file = 736 particle = gamma
file = 737 particle = gamma
file = 738 particle = neutron
file = 739 particle = gamma
file = 740 particle = gamma
file = 741 particle = gamma
file = 742 particle = gamma
file = 743 particle = gamma
file = 744 particle = gamma
file = 745 particle = gamma
file = 746 particle = gamma
file = 747 particle = gamma
file = 748 particle = gamma
file = 749 particle = gamma
file = 750 particle = neutron
file = 751 particle = gamma
file = 752 particle = gamma
file = 753 particle = gamma
file = 754 particle = gamma
file = 755 particle = gamma
file = 756 particle = gamma
file = 757 particle = neutron
file = 758 particle = gamma
file = 759 particle = neutron
file = 760 particle = gamma
file = 761 particle = neutron
file = 762 particle = neutron
file = 763 particle = gamma
file = 764 particle = gamma
file = 765 particle = gamma
file = 766 particle = gamma
file = 767 particle = gamma
file = 768 particle = gamma
file = 769 particle = gamma
file = 770 particle = gamma
file = 771 particle = gamma
file = 772 particle = gamma
file = 773 particle = gamma
file = 774 particle = gamma
file = 775 particle = gamma
file = 776 particle = gamma
file = 777 particle = gamma
file = 778 particle = gamma
file = 779 particle = gamma
file = 780 particle = gamma
file = 781 particle = neutron
file = 782 particle = gamma
file = 783 particle = gamma
file = 784 particle = gamma
file = 785 particle = neutron
file = 786 particle = gamma
file = 787 particle = gamma
file = 788 particle = gamma
file = 789 particle = neutron
file = 790 particle = gamma
file = 791 particle = gamma
file = 792 particle = gamma
file = 793 particle = gamma
file = 794 particle = gamma
file = 795 particle = neutron
file = 796 particle = gamma
file = 797 particle = neutron
file = 798 particle = gamma
file = 799 particle = gamma
file = 800 particle = gamma
file = 801 particle = gamma
file = 802 particle = gamma
file = 803 particle = gamma
file = 804 particle = gamma
file = 805 particle = neutron
file = 806 particle = gamma
file = 807 particle = gamma
file = 808 particle = gamma
file = 809 particle = gamma
file = 810 particle = gamma
file = 811 particle = neutron
file = 812 particle = gamma
file = 813 particle = neutron
file = 814 particle = gamma
file = 815 particle = neutron
file = 816 particle = gamma
file = 817 particle = gamma
file = 818 particle = gamma
file = 819 particle = gamma
file = 820 particle = gamma
file = 821 particle = gamma
file = 822 particle = gamma
file = 823 particle = gamma
file = 824 particle = gamma
file = 825 particle = gamma
file = 826 particle = gamma
file = 827 particle = gamma
file = 828 particle = gamma
file = 829 particle = neutron
file = 830 particle = gamma
file = 831 particle = gamma
file = 832 particle = neutron
file = 833 particle = gamma
file = 834 particle = gamma
file = 835 particle = gamma
file = 836 particle = gamma
file = 837 particle = gamma
file = 838 particle = gamma
file = 839 particle = gamma
file = 840 particle = gamma
file = 841 particle = gamma
file = 842 particle = gamma
file = 843 particle = gamma
file = 844 particle = neutron
file = 845 particle = gamma
file = 846 particle = gamma
file = 847 particle = gamma
file = 848 particle = gamma
file = 849 particle = gamma
file = 850 particle = neutron
file = 851 particle = gamma
file = 852 particle = gamma
file = 853 particle = gamma
file = 854 particle = gamma
file = 855 particle = neutron
file = 856 particle = gamma
file = 857 particle = gamma
file = 858 particle = gamma
file = 859 particle = gamma
file = 860 particle = neutron
file = 861 particle = gamma
file = 862 particle = gamma
file = 863 particle = neutron
file = 864 particle = gamma
file = 865 particle = gamma
file = 866 particle = gamma
file = 867 particle = gamma
file = 868 particle = gamma
file = 869 particle = gamma
file = 870 particle = gamma
file = 871 particle = gamma
file = 872 particle = gamma
file = 873 particle = gamma
file = 874 particle = gamma
file = 875 particle = gamma
file = 876 particle = gamma
file = 877 particle = gamma
file = 878 particle = gamma
file = 879 particle = gamma
file = 880 particle = neutron
file = 881 particle = gamma
file = 882 particle = gamma
file = 883 particle = gamma
file = 884 particle = gamma
file = 885 particle = gamma
file = 886 particle = gamma
file = 887 particle = gamma
file = 888 particle = gamma
file = 889 particle = gamma
file = 890 particle = gamma
file = 891 particle = gamma
file = 892 particle = neutron
file = 893 particle = gamma
file = 894 particle = gamma
file = 895 particle = gamma
file = 896 particle = gamma
file = 897 particle = gamma
file = 898 particle = gamma
file = 899 particle = gamma
file = 900 particle = gamma
file = 901 particle = gamma
file = 902 particle = gamma
file = 903 particle = gamma
file = 904 particle = gamma
file = 905 particle = gamma
file = 906 particle = gamma
file = 907 particle = gamma
file = 908 particle = neutron
file = 909 particle = gamma
file = 910 particle = gamma
file = 911 particle = gamma
file = 912 particle = gamma
file = 913 particle = gamma
file = 914 particle = gamma
file = 915 particle = gamma
file = 916 particle = gamma
file = 917 particle = gamma
file = 918 particle = gamma
file = 919 particle = gamma
file = 920 particle = gamma
file = 921 particle = gamma
file = 922 particle = gamma
file = 923 particle = gamma
file = 924 particle = gamma
file = 925 particle = gamma
file = 926 particle = neutron
file = 927 particle = gamma
file = 928 particle = gamma
file = 929 particle = gamma
file = 930 particle = gamma
file = 931 particle = gamma
file = 932 particle = gamma
file = 933 particle = gamma
file = 934 particle = gamma
file = 935 particle = neutron
file = 936 particle = gamma
file = 937 particle = gamma
file = 938 particle = neutron
file = 939 particle = gamma
file = 940 particle = gamma
file = 941 particle = neutron
file = 942 particle = gamma
file = 943 particle = gamma
file = 944 particle = gamma
file = 945 particle = gamma
file = 946 particle = gamma
file = 947 particle = neutron
file = 948 particle = gamma
file = 949 particle = neutron
file = 950 particle = gamma
file = 951 particle = neutron
file = 952 particle = gamma
file = 953 particle = neutron
file = 954 particle = neutron
file = 955 particle = gamma
file = 956 particle = gamma
file = 957 particle = gamma
file = 958 particle = gamma
file = 959 particle = gamma
file = 960 particle = gamma
file = 961 particle = gamma
file = 962 particle = neutron
file = 963 particle = neutron
file = 964 particle = gamma
file = 965 particle = gamma
file = 966 particle = neutron
file = 967 particle = gamma
file = 968 particle = gamma
file = 969 particle = gamma
file = 970 particle = gamma
file = 971 particle = gamma
file = 972 particle = gamma
file = 973 particle = gamma
file = 974 particle = gamma
file = 975 particle = gamma
file = 976 particle = gamma
file = 977 particle = gamma
file = 978 particle = gamma
file = 979 particle = gamma
file = 980 particle = gamma
file = 981 particle = gamma
file = 982 particle = gamma
file = 983 particle = gamma
file = 984 particle = gamma
file = 985 particle = gamma
file = 986 particle = gamma
file = 987 particle = gamma
file = 988 particle = gamma
file = 989 particle = gamma
file = 990 particle = gamma
file = 991 particle = gamma
file = 992 particle = gamma
file = 993 particle = gamma
file = 994 particle = gamma
file = 995 particle = gamma
file = 996 particle = neutron
file = 997 particle = gamma
file = 998 particle = gamma
file = 999 particle = gamma
file = 1000 particle = gamma
file = 1001 particle = gamma
file = 1002 particle = gamma
file = 1003 particle = neutron
file = 1004 particle = gamma
file = 1005 particle = gamma
file = 1006 particle = gamma
file = 1007 particle = gamma
file = 1008 particle = gamma
file = 1009 particle = gamma
file = 1010 particle = gamma
file = 1011 particle = gamma
file = 1012 particle = gamma
file = 1013 particle = gamma
file = 1014 particle = neutron
file = 1015 particle = gamma
file = 1016 particle = neutron
file = 1017 particle = gamma
file = 1018 particle = neutron
file = 1019 particle = gamma
file = 1020 particle = neutron
file = 1021 particle = gamma
file = 1022 particle = gamma
file = 1023 particle = gamma
file = 1024 particle = gamma
file = 1025 particle = neutron
file = 1026 particle = gamma
file = 1027 particle = gamma
file = 1028 particle = gamma
file = 1029 particle = neutron
file = 1030 particle = gamma
file = 1031 particle = gamma
file = 1032 particle = gamma
file = 1033 particle = gamma
file = 1034 particle = gamma
file = 1035 particle = gamma
file = 1036 particle = gamma
file = 1037 particle = neutron
file = 1038 particle = gamma
file = 1039 particle = gamma
file = 1040 particle = gamma
file = 1041 particle = gamma
file = 1042 particle = gamma
file = 1043 particle = gamma
file = 1044 particle = gamma
file = 1045 particle = gamma
file = 1046 particle = gamma
file = 1047 particle = gamma
file = 1048 particle = gamma
file = 1049 particle = gamma
file = 1050 particle = gamma
file = 1051 particle = gamma
file = 1052 particle = gamma
file = 1053 particle = gamma
file = 1054 particle = gamma
file = 1055 particle = gamma
file = 1056 particle = neutron
file = 1057 particle = neutron
file = 1058 particle = gamma
file = 1059 particle = gamma
file = 1060 particle = gamma
file = 1061 particle = gamma
file = 1062 particle = gamma
file = 1063 particle = gamma
file = 1064 particle = gamma
file = 1065 particle = gamma
file = 1066 particle = neutron
file = 1067 particle = gamma
file = 1068 particle = gamma
file = 1069 particle = gamma
file = 1070 particle = gamma
file = 1071 particle = gamma
file = 1072 particle = gamma
file = 1073 particle = gamma
file = 1074 particle = gamma
file = 1075 particle = gamma
file = 1076 particle = gamma
file = 1077 particle = gamma
file = 1078 particle = gamma
file = 1079 particle = gamma
file = 1080 particle = gamma
file = 1081 particle = gamma
file = 1082 particle = gamma
file = 1083 particle = gamma
file = 1084 particle = gamma
file = 1085 particle = gamma
file = 1086 particle = gamma
file = 1087 particle = gamma
file = 1088 particle = gamma
file = 1089 particle = gamma
file = 1090 particle = gamma
file = 1091 particle = gamma
file = 1092 particle = neutron
file = 1093 particle = gamma
file = 1094 particle = gamma
file = 1095 particle = gamma
file = 1096 particle = gamma
file = 1097 particle = gamma
file = 1098 particle = gamma
file = 1099 particle = gamma
file = 1100 particle = gamma
file = 1101 particle = gamma
file = 1102 particle = gamma
file = 1103 particle = gamma
file = 1104 particle = gamma
file = 1105 particle = gamma
file = 1106 particle = neutron
file = 1107 particle = gamma
file = 1108 particle = gamma
file = 1109 particle = gamma
file = 1110 particle = gamma
file = 1111 particle = gamma
file = 1112 particle = neutron
file = 1113 particle = gamma
file = 1114 particle = gamma
file = 1115 particle = gamma
file = 1116 particle = gamma
file = 1117 particle = gamma
file = 1118 particle = gamma
file = 1119 particle = gamma
file = 1120 particle = gamma
file = 1121 particle = gamma
file = 1122 particle = gamma
file = 1123 particle = gamma
file = 1124 particle = gamma
file = 1125 particle = gamma
file = 1126 particle = gamma
file = 1127 particle = gamma
file = 1128 particle = neutron
file = 1129 particle = gamma
file = 1130 particle = gamma
file = 1131 particle = gamma
file = 1132 particle = gamma
file = 1133 particle = gamma
file = 1134 particle = neutron
file = 1135 particle = gamma
file = 1136 particle = gamma
file = 1137 particle = gamma
file = 1138 particle = gamma
file = 1139 particle = gamma
file = 1140 particle = gamma
file = 1141 particle = gamma
file = 1142 particle = gamma
file = 1143 particle = gamma
file = 1144 particle = gamma
file = 1145 particle = gamma
file = 1146 particle = gamma
file = 1147 particle = gamma
file = 1148 particle = gamma
file = 1149 particle = neutron
file = 1150 particle = gamma
file = 1151 particle = gamma
file = 1152 particle = neutron
file = 1153 particle = neutron
file = 1154 particle = gamma
file = 1155 particle = neutron
file = 1156 particle = gamma
file = 1157 particle = gamma
file = 1158 particle = gamma
file = 1159 particle = gamma
file = 1160 particle = gamma
file = 1161 particle = gamma
file = 1162 particle = neutron
file = 1163 particle = gamma
file = 1164 particle = gamma
file = 1165 particle = gamma
file = 1166 particle = gamma
file = 1167 particle = gamma
file = 1168 particle = neutron
file = 1169 particle = gamma
file = 1170 particle = gamma
file = 1171 particle = gamma
file = 1172 particle = gamma
file = 1173 particle = gamma
file = 1174 particle = gamma
file = 1175 particle = gamma
file = 1176 particle = neutron
file = 1177 particle = gamma
file = 1178 particle = gamma
file = 1179 particle = neutron
file = 1180 particle = gamma
file = 1181 particle = neutron
file = 1182 particle = gamma
file = 1183 particle = gamma
file = 1184 particle = gamma
file = 1185 particle = gamma
file = 1186 particle = neutron
file = 1187 particle = neutron
file = 1188 particle = gamma
file = 1189 particle = neutron
file = 1190 particle = neutron
file = 1191 particle = gamma
file = 1192 particle = gamma
file = 1193 particle = gamma
file = 1194 particle = neutron
file = 1195 particle = neutron
file = 1196 particle = neutron
file = 1197 particle = gamma
file = 1198 particle = gamma
file = 1199 particle = gamma
file = 1200 particle = gamma
file = 1201 particle = gamma
file = 1202 particle = gamma
file = 1203 particle = gamma
file = 1204 particle = gamma
file = 1205 particle = gamma
file = 1206 particle = gamma
file = 1207 particle = neutron
file = 1208 particle = gamma
file = 1209 particle = gamma
file = 1210 particle = gamma
file = 1211 particle = neutron
file = 1212 particle = gamma
file = 1213 particle = gamma
file = 1214 particle = gamma
file = 1215 particle = gamma
file = 1216 particle = gamma
file = 1217 particle = gamma
file = 1218 particle = gamma
file = 1219 particle = gamma
file = 1220 particle = neutron
file = 1221 particle = gamma
file = 1222 particle = gamma
file = 1223 particle = gamma
file = 1224 particle = gamma
file = 1225 particle = gamma
file = 1226 particle = gamma
file = 1227 particle = gamma
file = 1228 particle = gamma
file = 1229 particle = neutron
file = 1230 particle = gamma
file = 1231 particle = gamma
file = 1232 particle = gamma
file = 1233 particle = neutron
file = 1234 particle = gamma
file = 1235 particle = neutron
file = 1236 particle = gamma
file = 1237 particle = neutron
file = 1238 particle = gamma
file = 1239 particle = neutron
file = 1240 particle = gamma
file = 1241 particle = gamma
file = 1242 particle = gamma
file = 1243 particle = neutron
file = 1244 particle = gamma
file = 1245 particle = gamma
file = 1246 particle = gamma
file = 1247 particle = neutron
file = 1248 particle = gamma
file = 1249 particle = gamma
file = 1250 particle = gamma
file = 1251 particle = gamma
file = 1252 particle = gamma
file = 1253 particle = neutron
file = 1254 particle = gamma
file = 1255 particle = gamma
file = 1256 particle = gamma
file = 1257 particle = gamma
file = 1258 particle = gamma
file = 1259 particle = gamma
file = 1260 particle = gamma
file = 1261 particle = gamma
file = 1262 particle = gamma
file = 1263 particle = gamma
file = 1264 particle = gamma
file = 1265 particle = gamma
file = 1266 particle = gamma
file = 1267 particle = neutron
file = 1268 particle = neutron
file = 1269 particle = gamma
file = 1270 particle = gamma
file = 1271 particle = gamma
file = 1272 particle = neutron
file = 1273 particle = gamma
file = 1274 particle = gamma
file = 1275 particle = neutron
file = 1276 particle = gamma
file = 1277 particle = gamma
file = 1278 particle = gamma
file = 1279 particle = gamma
file = 1280 particle = neutron
file = 1281 particle = gamma
file = 1282 particle = gamma
file = 1283 particle = gamma
file = 1284 particle = gamma
file = 1285 particle = neutron
file = 1286 particle = gamma
file = 1287 particle = gamma
file = 1288 particle = gamma
file = 1289 particle = gamma
file = 1290 particle = gamma
file = 1291 particle = gamma
file = 1292 particle = gamma
file = 1293 particle = gamma
file = 1294 particle = neutron
file = 1295 particle = neutron
file = 1296 particle = gamma
file = 1297 particle = gamma
file = 1298 particle = neutron
file = 1299 particle = gamma
file = 1300 particle = gamma
file = 1301 particle = gamma
file = 1302 particle = gamma
file = 1303 particle = gamma
file = 1304 particle = gamma
file = 1305 particle = gamma
file = 1306 particle = neutron
file = 1307 particle = neutron
file = 1308 particle = gamma
file = 1309 particle = gamma
file = 1310 particle = gamma
file = 1311 particle = neutron
file = 1312 particle = gamma
file = 1313 particle = neutron
file = 1314 particle = gamma
file = 1315 particle = gamma
file = 1316 particle = gamma
file = 1317 particle = gamma
file = 1318 particle = gamma
file = 1319 particle = gamma
file = 1320 particle = gamma
file = 1321 particle = gamma
file = 1322 particle = gamma
file = 1323 particle = gamma
file = 1324 particle = neutron
file = 1325 particle = gamma
file = 1326 particle = gamma
file = 1327 particle = gamma
file = 1328 particle = gamma
file = 1329 particle = gamma
file = 1330 particle = gamma
file = 1331 particle = gamma
file = 1332 particle = gamma
file = 1333 particle = gamma
file = 1334 particle = gamma
file = 1335 particle = gamma
file = 1336 particle = gamma
file = 1337 particle = gamma
file = 1338 particle = gamma
file = 1339 particle = gamma
file = 1340 particle = gamma
file = 1341 particle = gamma
file = 1342 particle = gamma
file = 1343 particle = neutron
file = 1344 particle = neutron
file = 1345 particle = neutron
file = 1346 particle = gamma
file = 1347 particle = gamma
file = 1348 particle = gamma
file = 1349 particle = gamma
file = 1350 particle = gamma
file = 1351 particle = gamma
file = 1352 particle = neutron
file = 1353 particle = gamma
file = 1354 particle = gamma
file = 1355 particle = gamma
file = 1356 particle = gamma
file = 1357 particle = gamma
file = 1358 particle = neutron
file = 1359 particle = gamma
file = 1360 particle = neutron
file = 1361 particle = gamma
file = 1362 particle = gamma
file = 1363 particle = gamma
file = 1364 particle = gamma
file = 1365 particle = gamma
file = 1366 particle = gamma
file = 1367 particle = gamma
file = 1368 particle = gamma
file = 1369 particle = gamma
file = 1370 particle = gamma
file = 1371 particle = neutron
file = 1372 particle = gamma
file = 1373 particle = gamma
file = 1374 particle = gamma
file = 1375 particle = neutron
file = 1376 particle = gamma
file = 1377 particle = gamma
file = 1378 particle = neutron
file = 1379 particle = neutron
file = 1380 particle = gamma
file = 1381 particle = gamma
file = 1382 particle = gamma
file = 1383 particle = gamma
file = 1384 particle = gamma
file = 1385 particle = gamma
file = 1386 particle = neutron
file = 1387 particle = gamma
file = 1388 particle = neutron
file = 1389 particle = gamma
file = 1390 particle = gamma
file = 1391 particle = gamma
file = 1392 particle = gamma
file = 1393 particle = gamma
file = 1394 particle = gamma
file = 1395 particle = gamma
file = 1396 particle = gamma
file = 1397 particle = gamma
file = 1398 particle = gamma
file = 1399 particle = neutron
file = 1400 particle = gamma
file = 1401 particle = gamma
file = 1402 particle = gamma
file = 1403 particle = gamma
file = 1404 particle = gamma
file = 1405 particle = gamma
file = 1406 particle = gamma
file = 1407 particle = neutron
file = 1408 particle = neutron
file = 1409 particle = neutron
file = 1410 particle = gamma
file = 1411 particle = gamma
file = 1412 particle = gamma
file = 1413 particle = gamma
file = 1414 particle = gamma
file = 1415 particle = gamma
file = 1416 particle = gamma
file = 1417 particle = gamma
file = 1418 particle = gamma
file = 1419 particle = gamma
file = 1420 particle = gamma
file = 1421 particle = gamma
file = 1422 particle = gamma
file = 1423 particle = gamma
file = 1424 particle = gamma
file = 1425 particle = gamma
file = 1426 particle = neutron
file = 1427 particle = gamma
file = 1428 particle = gamma
file = 1429 particle = gamma
file = 1430 particle = gamma
file = 1431 particle = gamma
file = 1432 particle = gamma
file = 1433 particle = gamma
file = 1434 particle = gamma
file = 1435 particle = gamma
file = 1436 particle = gamma
file = 1437 particle = neutron
file = 1438 particle = neutron
file = 1439 particle = gamma
file = 1440 particle = gamma
file = 1441 particle = gamma
file = 1442 particle = gamma
file = 1443 particle = gamma
file = 1444 particle = gamma
file = 1445 particle = neutron
file = 1446 particle = gamma
file = 1447 particle = neutron
file = 1448 particle = gamma
file = 1449 particle = gamma
file = 1450 particle = gamma
file = 1451 particle = gamma
file = 1452 particle = gamma
file = 1453 particle = gamma
file = 1454 particle = gamma
file = 1455 particle = gamma
file = 1456 particle = gamma
file = 1457 particle = gamma
file = 1458 particle = neutron
file = 1459 particle = gamma
file = 1460 particle = neutron
file = 1461 particle = gamma
file = 1462 particle = gamma
file = 1463 particle = gamma
file = 1464 particle = gamma
file = 1465 particle = gamma
file = 1466 particle = gamma
file = 1467 particle = gamma
file = 1468 particle = gamma
file = 1469 particle = gamma
file = 1470 particle = gamma
file = 1471 particle = gamma
file = 1472 particle = gamma
file = 1473 particle = gamma
file = 1474 particle = gamma
file = 1475 particle = gamma
file = 1476 particle = gamma
file = 1477 particle = gamma
file = 1478 particle = gamma
file = 1479 particle = gamma
file = 1480 particle = gamma
file = 1481 particle = gamma
file = 1482 particle = gamma
file = 1483 particle = gamma
file = 1484 particle = gamma
file = 1485 particle = gamma
file = 1486 particle = gamma
file = 1487 particle = neutron
file = 1488 particle = gamma
file = 1489 particle = neutron
file = 1490 particle = gamma
file = 1491 particle = gamma
file = 1492 particle = gamma
file = 1493 particle = neutron
file = 1494 particle = gamma
file = 1495 particle = gamma
file = 1496 particle = gamma
file = 1497 particle = gamma
file = 1498 particle = gamma
file = 1499 particle = gamma
file = 1500 particle = gamma
file = 1501 particle = gamma
file = 1502 particle = gamma
file = 1503 particle = gamma
file = 1504 particle = neutron
file = 1505 particle = neutron
file = 1506 particle = gamma
file = 1507 particle = gamma
file = 1508 particle = gamma
file = 1509 particle = gamma
file = 1510 particle = gamma
file = 1511 particle = gamma
file = 1512 particle = gamma
file = 1513 particle = gamma
file = 1514 particle = gamma
file = 1515 particle = gamma
file = 1516 particle = gamma
file = 1517 particle = neutron
file = 1518 particle = neutron
file = 1519 particle = gamma
file = 1520 particle = gamma
file = 1521 particle = neutron
file = 1522 particle = gamma
file = 1523 particle = gamma
file = 1524 particle = neutron
file = 1525 particle = gamma
file = 1526 particle = gamma
file = 1527 particle = gamma
file = 1528 particle = gamma
file = 1529 particle = gamma
file = 1530 particle = gamma
file = 1531 particle = neutron
file = 1532 particle = gamma
file = 1533 particle = gamma
file = 1534 particle = gamma
file = 1535 particle = gamma
file = 1536 particle = gamma
file = 1537 particle = gamma
file = 1538 particle = gamma
file = 1539 particle = gamma
file = 1540 particle = gamma
file = 1541 particle = gamma
file = 1542 particle = gamma
file = 1543 particle = gamma
file = 1544 particle = gamma
file = 1545 particle = gamma
file = 1546 particle = gamma
file = 1547 particle = neutron
file = 1548 particle = gamma
file = 1549 particle = gamma
file = 1550 particle = gamma
file = 1551 particle = gamma
file = 1552 particle = gamma
file = 1553 particle = gamma
file = 1554 particle = gamma
file = 1555 particle = gamma
file = 1556 particle = gamma
file = 1557 particle = gamma
file = 1558 particle = gamma
file = 1559 particle = gamma
file = 1560 particle = gamma
file = 1561 particle = gamma
file = 1562 particle = gamma
file = 1563 particle = neutron
file = 1564 particle = gamma
file = 1565 particle = gamma
file = 1566 particle = neutron
file = 1567 particle = gamma
file = 1568 particle = gamma
file = 1569 particle = gamma
file = 1570 particle = gamma
file = 1571 particle = gamma
file = 1572 particle = gamma
file = 1573 particle = gamma
file = 1574 particle = gamma
file = 1575 particle = gamma
file = 1576 particle = gamma
file = 1577 particle = gamma
file = 1578 particle = gamma
file = 1579 particle = gamma
file = 1580 particle = gamma
file = 1581 particle = gamma
file = 1582 particle = gamma
file = 1583 particle = gamma
file = 1584 particle = gamma
file = 1585 particle = gamma
file = 1586 particle = gamma
file = 1587 particle = neutron
file = 1588 particle = gamma
file = 1589 particle = gamma
file = 1590 particle = gamma
file = 1591 particle = gamma
file = 1592 particle = gamma
file = 1593 particle = gamma
file = 1594 particle = gamma
file = 1595 particle = gamma
file = 1596 particle = neutron
file = 1597 particle = neutron
file = 1598 particle = gamma
file = 1599 particle = gamma
file = 1600 particle = gamma
file = 1601 particle = gamma
file = 1602 particle = neutron
file = 1603 particle = gamma
file = 1604 particle = gamma
file = 1605 particle = gamma
file = 1606 particle = gamma
file = 1607 particle = gamma
file = 1608 particle = gamma
file = 1609 particle = gamma
file = 1610 particle = gamma
file = 1611 particle = gamma
file = 1612 particle = gamma
file = 1613 particle = gamma
file = 1614 particle = gamma
file = 1615 particle = gamma
file = 1616 particle = neutron
file = 1617 particle = gamma
file = 1618 particle = gamma
file = 1619 particle = gamma
file = 1620 particle = gamma
file = 1621 particle = gamma
file = 1622 particle = gamma
file = 1623 particle = gamma
file = 1624 particle = neutron
file = 1625 particle = gamma
file = 1626 particle = gamma
file = 1627 particle = gamma
file = 1628 particle = gamma
file = 1629 particle = gamma
file = 1630 particle = gamma
file = 1631 particle = gamma
file = 1632 particle = gamma
file = 1633 particle = neutron
file = 1634 particle = neutron
file = 1635 particle = gamma
file = 1636 particle = gamma
file = 1637 particle = gamma
file = 1638 particle = gamma
file = 1639 particle = gamma
file = 1640 particle = gamma
file = 1641 particle = gamma
file = 1642 particle = neutron
file = 1643 particle = gamma
file = 1644 particle = gamma
file = 1645 particle = gamma
file = 1646 particle = gamma
file = 1647 particle = gamma
file = 1648 particle = gamma
file = 1649 particle = gamma
file = 1650 particle = neutron
file = 1651 particle = gamma
file = 1652 particle = neutron
file = 1653 particle = gamma
file = 1654 particle = neutron
file = 1655 particle = gamma
file = 1656 particle = gamma
file = 1657 particle = gamma
file = 1658 particle = neutron
file = 1659 particle = gamma
file = 1660 particle = gamma
file = 1661 particle = gamma
file = 1662 particle = gamma
file = 1663 particle = gamma
file = 1664 particle = gamma
file = 1665 particle = neutron
file = 1666 particle = neutron
file = 1667 particle = gamma
file = 1668 particle = gamma
file = 1669 particle = neutron
file = 1670 particle = gamma
file = 1671 particle = gamma
file = 1672 particle = gamma
file = 1673 particle = gamma
file = 1674 particle = gamma
file = 1675 particle = gamma
file = 1676 particle = gamma
file = 1677 particle = gamma
file = 1678 particle = gamma
file = 1679 particle = gamma
file = 1680 particle = gamma
file = 1681 particle = gamma
file = 1682 particle = neutron
file = 1683 particle = gamma
file = 1684 particle = gamma
file = 1685 particle = gamma
file = 1686 particle = gamma
file = 1687 particle = neutron
file = 1688 particle = gamma
file = 1689 particle = gamma
file = 1690 particle = neutron
file = 1691 particle = gamma
file = 1692 particle = gamma
file = 1693 particle = gamma
file = 1694 particle = gamma
file = 1695 particle = gamma
file = 1696 particle = gamma
file = 1697 particle = gamma
file = 1698 particle = gamma
file = 1699 particle = gamma
file = 1700 particle = neutron
file = 1701 particle = gamma
file = 1702 particle = gamma
file = 1703 particle = gamma
file = 1704 particle = neutron
file = 1705 particle = gamma
file = 1706 particle = gamma
file = 1707 particle = gamma
file = 1708 particle = gamma
file = 1709 particle = gamma
file = 1710 particle = neutron
file = 1711 particle = neutron
file = 1712 particle = gamma
file = 1713 particle = gamma
file = 1714 particle = gamma
file = 1715 particle = neutron
file = 1716 particle = gamma
file = 1717 particle = gamma
file = 1718 particle = gamma
file = 1719 particle = gamma
file = 1720 particle = gamma
file = 1721 particle = gamma
file = 1722 particle = gamma
file = 1723 particle = gamma
file = 1724 particle = gamma
file = 1725 particle = gamma
file = 1726 particle = neutron
file = 1727 particle = neutron
file = 1728 particle = neutron
file = 1729 particle = gamma
file = 1730 particle = gamma
file = 1731 particle = gamma
file = 1732 particle = gamma
file = 1733 particle = neutron
file = 1734 particle = gamma
file = 1735 particle = gamma
file = 1736 particle = gamma
file = 1737 particle = neutron
file = 1738 particle = gamma
file = 1739 particle = gamma
file = 1740 particle = gamma
file = 1741 particle = gamma
file = 1742 particle = neutron
file = 1743 particle = gamma
file = 1744 particle = neutron
file = 1745 particle = gamma
file = 1746 particle = neutron
file = 1747 particle = neutron
file = 1748 particle = gamma
file = 1749 particle = gamma
file = 1750 particle = gamma
file = 1751 particle = gamma
file = 1752 particle = gamma
file = 1753 particle = gamma
file = 1754 particle = gamma
file = 1755 particle = gamma
file = 1756 particle = gamma
file = 1757 particle = gamma
file = 1758 particle = gamma
file = 1759 particle = gamma
file = 1760 particle = gamma
file = 1761 particle = gamma
file = 1762 particle = gamma
file = 1763 particle = gamma
file = 1764 particle = gamma
file = 1765 particle = gamma
file = 1766 particle = gamma
file = 1767 particle = gamma
file = 1768 particle = gamma
file = 1769 particle = gamma
file = 1770 particle = gamma
file = 1771 particle = gamma
file = 1772 particle = gamma
file = 1773 particle = gamma
file = 1774 particle = neutron
file = 1775 particle = gamma
file = 1776 particle = gamma
file = 1777 particle = gamma
file = 1778 particle = gamma
file = 1779 particle = gamma
file = 1780 particle = gamma
file = 1781 particle = gamma
file = 1782 particle = gamma
file = 1783 particle = gamma
file = 1784 particle = neutron
file = 1785 particle = gamma
file = 1786 particle = gamma
file = 1787 particle = gamma
file = 1788 particle = gamma
file = 1789 particle = gamma
file = 1790 particle = gamma
file = 1791 particle = gamma
file = 1792 particle = neutron
file = 1793 particle = gamma
file = 1794 particle = gamma
file = 1795 particle = gamma
file = 1796 particle = gamma
file = 1797 particle = gamma
file = 1798 particle = gamma
file = 1799 particle = neutron
file = 1800 particle = gamma
file = 1801 particle = gamma
file = 1802 particle = gamma
file = 1803 particle = gamma
file = 1804 particle = gamma
file = 1805 particle = gamma
file = 1806 particle = gamma
file = 1807 particle = gamma
file = 1808 particle = gamma
file = 1809 particle = gamma
file = 1810 particle = gamma
file = 1811 particle = gamma
file = 1812 particle = gamma
file = 1813 particle = gamma
file = 1814 particle = gamma
file = 1815 particle = gamma
file = 1816 particle = gamma
file = 1817 particle = gamma
file = 1818 particle = neutron
file = 1819 particle = gamma
file = 1820 particle = gamma
file = 1821 particle = gamma
file = 1822 particle = gamma
file = 1823 particle = gamma
file = 1824 particle = gamma
file = 1825 particle = gamma
file = 1826 particle = gamma
file = 1827 particle = gamma
file = 1828 particle = gamma
file = 1829 particle = gamma
file = 1830 particle = gamma
file = 1831 particle = gamma
file = 1832 particle = gamma
file = 1833 particle = neutron
file = 1834 particle = gamma
file = 1835 particle = neutron
file = 1836 particle = gamma
file = 1837 particle = gamma
file = 1838 particle = neutron
file = 1839 particle = gamma
file = 1840 particle = gamma
file = 1841 particle = gamma
file = 1842 particle = gamma
file = 1843 particle = gamma
file = 1844 particle = gamma
file = 1845 particle = gamma
file = 1846 particle = gamma
file = 1847 particle = gamma
file = 1848 particle = gamma
file = 1849 particle = gamma
file = 1850 particle = gamma
file = 1851 particle = neutron
file = 1852 particle = gamma
file = 1853 particle = gamma
file = 1854 particle = gamma
file = 1855 particle = gamma
file = 1856 particle = gamma
file = 1857 particle = gamma
file = 1858 particle = neutron
file = 1859 particle = gamma
file = 1860 particle = gamma
file = 1861 particle = gamma
file = 1862 particle = gamma
file = 1863 particle = gamma
file = 1864 particle = gamma
file = 1865 particle = gamma
file = 1866 particle = gamma
file = 1867 particle = gamma
file = 1868 particle = gamma
file = 1869 particle = gamma
file = 1870 particle = gamma
file = 1871 particle = gamma
file = 1872 particle = gamma
file = 1873 particle = gamma
file = 1874 particle = gamma
file = 1875 particle = gamma
file = 1876 particle = neutron
file = 1877 particle = gamma
file = 1878 particle = gamma
file = 1879 particle = neutron
file = 1880 particle = gamma
file = 1881 particle = gamma
file = 1882 particle = neutron
file = 1883 particle = neutron
file = 1884 particle = gamma
file = 1885 particle = gamma
file = 1886 particle = neutron
file = 1887 particle = gamma
file = 1888 particle = gamma
file = 1889 particle = neutron
file = 1890 particle = gamma
file = 1891 particle = gamma
file = 1892 particle = neutron
file = 1893 particle = gamma
file = 1894 particle = gamma
file = 1895 particle = gamma
file = 1896 particle = gamma
file = 1897 particle = gamma
file = 1898 particle = gamma
file = 1899 particle = gamma
file = 1900 particle = gamma
file = 1901 particle = gamma
file = 1902 particle = gamma
file = 1903 particle = gamma
file = 1904 particle = gamma
file = 1905 particle = gamma
file = 1906 particle = gamma
file = 1907 particle = neutron
file = 1908 particle = gamma
file = 1909 particle = gamma
file = 1910 particle = gamma
file = 1911 particle = gamma
file = 1912 particle = gamma
file = 1913 particle = gamma
file = 1914 particle = gamma
file = 1915 particle = gamma
file = 1916 particle = neutron
file = 1917 particle = gamma
file = 1918 particle = gamma
file = 1919 particle = neutron
file = 1920 particle = gamma
file = 1921 particle = neutron
file = 1922 particle = gamma
file = 1923 particle = gamma
file = 1924 particle = gamma
file = 1925 particle = gamma
file = 1926 particle = gamma
file = 1927 particle = gamma
file = 1928 particle = gamma
file = 1929 particle = gamma
file = 1930 particle = gamma
file = 1931 particle = gamma
file = 1932 particle = gamma
file = 1933 particle = gamma
file = 1934 particle = gamma
file = 1935 particle = neutron
file = 1936 particle = gamma
file = 1937 particle = gamma
file = 1938 particle = gamma
file = 1939 particle = gamma
file = 1940 particle = neutron
file = 1941 particle = gamma
file = 1942 particle = neutron
file = 1943 particle = gamma
file = 1944 particle = gamma
file = 1945 particle = gamma
file = 1946 particle = gamma
file = 1947 particle = gamma
file = 1948 particle = gamma
file = 1949 particle = neutron
file = 1950 particle = gamma
file = 1951 particle = gamma
file = 1952 particle = gamma
file = 1953 particle = gamma
file = 1954 particle = gamma
file = 1955 particle = gamma
file = 1956 particle = gamma
file = 1957 particle = gamma
file = 1958 particle = neutron
file = 1959 particle = gamma
file = 1960 particle = gamma
file = 1961 particle = gamma
file = 1962 particle = gamma
file = 1963 particle = neutron
file = 1964 particle = gamma
file = 1965 particle = gamma
file = 1966 particle = gamma
file = 1967 particle = gamma
file = 1968 particle = gamma
file = 1969 particle = gamma
file = 1970 particle = gamma
file = 1971 particle = gamma
file = 1972 particle = gamma
file = 1973 particle = gamma
file = 1974 particle = gamma
file = 1975 particle = gamma
file = 1976 particle = gamma
file = 1977 particle = gamma
file = 1978 particle = neutron
file = 1979 particle = neutron
file = 1980 particle = neutron
file = 1981 particle = neutron
file = 1982 particle = gamma
file = 1983 particle = neutron
file = 1984 particle = gamma
file = 1985 particle = gamma
file = 1986 particle = gamma
file = 1987 particle = gamma
file = 1988 particle = gamma
file = 1989 particle = gamma
file = 1990 particle = gamma
file = 1991 particle = gamma
file = 1992 particle = neutron
file = 1993 particle = gamma
file = 1994 particle = gamma
file = 1995 particle = gamma
file = 1996 particle = neutron
file = 1997 particle = gamma
file = 1998 particle = neutron
file = 1999 particle = neutron
file = 2000 particle = gamma
file = 2001 particle = gamma
file = 2002 particle = gamma
file = 2003 particle = gamma
file = 2004 particle = gamma
file = 2005 particle = gamma
file = 2006 particle = gamma
file = 2007 particle = gamma
file = 2008 particle = gamma
file = 2009 particle = neutron
file = 2010 particle = neutron
file = 2011 particle = neutron
file = 2012 particle = gamma
file = 2013 particle = gamma
file = 2014 particle = gamma
file = 2015 particle = neutron
file = 2016 particle = gamma
file = 2017 particle = gamma
file = 2018 particle = gamma
file = 2019 particle = gamma
file = 2020 particle = neutron
file = 2021 particle = gamma
file = 2022 particle = gamma
file = 2023 particle = gamma
file = 2024 particle = gamma
file = 2025 particle = gamma
file = 2026 particle = neutron
file = 2027 particle = gamma
file = 2028 particle = gamma
file = 2029 particle = gamma
file = 2030 particle = gamma
file = 2031 particle = gamma
file = 2032 particle = gamma
file = 2033 particle = gamma
file = 2034 particle = gamma
file = 2035 particle = gamma
file = 2036 particle = gamma
file = 2037 particle = gamma
file = 2038 particle = gamma
file = 2039 particle = gamma
file = 2040 particle = gamma
file = 2041 particle = gamma
file = 2042 particle = gamma
file = 2043 particle = gamma
file = 2044 particle = gamma
file = 2045 particle = gamma
file = 2046 particle = gamma
file = 2047 particle = gamma
file = 2048 particle = gamma
file = 2049 particle = gamma
file = 2050 particle = gamma
file = 2051 particle = gamma
file = 2052 particle = gamma
file = 2053 particle = gamma
file = 2054 particle = gamma
file = 2055 particle = neutron
file = 2056 particle = gamma
file = 2057 particle = neutron
file = 2058 particle = gamma
file = 2059 particle = gamma
file = 2060 particle = gamma
file = 2061 particle = gamma
file = 2062 particle = neutron
file = 2063 particle = gamma
file = 2064 particle = gamma
file = 2065 particle = gamma
file = 2066 particle = gamma
file = 2067 particle = gamma
file = 2068 particle = gamma
file = 2069 particle = gamma
file = 2070 particle = neutron
file = 2071 particle = neutron
file = 2072 particle = gamma
file = 2073 particle = gamma
file = 2074 particle = gamma
file = 2075 particle = gamma
file = 2076 particle = gamma
file = 2077 particle = gamma
file = 2078 particle = gamma
file = 2079 particle = gamma
file = 2080 particle = neutron
file = 2081 particle = gamma
file = 2082 particle = gamma
file = 2083 particle = gamma
file = 2084 particle = gamma
file = 2085 particle = gamma
file = 2086 particle = gamma
file = 2087 particle = gamma
file = 2088 particle = gamma
file = 2089 particle = gamma
file = 2090 particle = gamma
file = 2091 particle = gamma
file = 2092 particle = gamma
file = 2093 particle = gamma
file = 2094 particle = gamma
file = 2095 particle = neutron
file = 2096 particle = gamma
file = 2097 particle = gamma
file = 2098 particle = gamma
file = 2099 particle = gamma
file = 2100 particle = gamma
file = 2101 particle = neutron
file = 2102 particle = gamma
file = 2103 particle = gamma
file = 2104 particle = gamma
file = 2105 particle = gamma
file = 2106 particle = gamma
file = 2107 particle = gamma
file = 2108 particle = neutron
file = 2109 particle = gamma
file = 2110 particle = gamma
file = 2111 particle = gamma
file = 2112 particle = gamma
file = 2113 particle = gamma
file = 2114 particle = gamma
file = 2115 particle = gamma
file = 2116 particle = gamma
file = 2117 particle = gamma
file = 2118 particle = gamma
file = 2119 particle = gamma
file = 2120 particle = neutron
file = 2121 particle = gamma
file = 2122 particle = gamma
file = 2123 particle = gamma
file = 2124 particle = gamma
file = 2125 particle = gamma
file = 2126 particle = gamma
file = 2127 particle = gamma
file = 2128 particle = gamma
file = 2129 particle = gamma
file = 2130 particle = gamma
file = 2131 particle = gamma
file = 2132 particle = gamma
file = 2133 particle = gamma
file = 2134 particle = gamma
file = 2135 particle = gamma
file = 2136 particle = neutron
file = 2137 particle = gamma
file = 2138 particle = gamma
file = 2139 particle = gamma
file = 2140 particle = gamma
file = 2141 particle = gamma
file = 2142 particle = gamma
file = 2143 particle = neutron
file = 2144 particle = gamma
file = 2145 particle = gamma
file = 2146 particle = gamma
file = 2147 particle = gamma
file = 2148 particle = gamma
file = 2149 particle = gamma
file = 2150 particle = neutron
file = 2151 particle = neutron
file = 2152 particle = gamma
file = 2153 particle = gamma
file = 2154 particle = gamma
file = 2155 particle = gamma
file = 2156 particle = gamma
file = 2157 particle = gamma
file = 2158 particle = neutron
file = 2159 particle = gamma
file = 2160 particle = gamma
file = 2161 particle = gamma
file = 2162 particle = gamma
file = 2163 particle = gamma
file = 2164 particle = gamma
file = 2165 particle = gamma
file = 2166 particle = gamma
file = 2167 particle = gamma
file = 2168 particle = gamma
file = 2169 particle = gamma
file = 2170 particle = gamma
file = 2171 particle = gamma
file = 2172 particle = gamma
file = 2173 particle = gamma
file = 2174 particle = gamma
file = 2175 particle = neutron
file = 2176 particle = neutron
file = 2177 particle = gamma
file = 2178 particle = gamma
file = 2179 particle = gamma
file = 2180 particle = gamma
file = 2181 particle = gamma
file = 2182 particle = gamma
file = 2183 particle = gamma
file = 2184 particle = neutron
file = 2185 particle = gamma
file = 2186 particle = gamma
file = 2187 particle = gamma
file = 2188 particle = gamma
file = 2189 particle = gamma
file = 2190 particle = gamma
file = 2191 particle = gamma
file = 2192 particle = neutron
file = 2193 particle = gamma
file = 2194 particle = neutron
file = 2195 particle = gamma
file = 2196 particle = gamma
file = 2197 particle = gamma
file = 2198 particle = gamma
file = 2199 particle = gamma
file = 2200 particle = gamma
file = 2201 particle = neutron
file = 2202 particle = gamma
file = 2203 particle = gamma
file = 2204 particle = neutron
file = 2205 particle = gamma
file = 2206 particle = neutron
file = 2207 particle = gamma
file = 2208 particle = gamma
file = 2209 particle = gamma
file = 2210 particle = gamma
file = 2211 particle = neutron
file = 2212 particle = gamma
file = 2213 particle = gamma
file = 2214 particle = gamma
file = 2215 particle = gamma
file = 2216 particle = gamma
file = 2217 particle = gamma
file = 2218 particle = gamma
file = 2219 particle = gamma
file = 2220 particle = gamma
file = 2221 particle = gamma
file = 2222 particle = gamma
file = 2223 particle = gamma
file = 2224 particle = gamma
file = 2225 particle = gamma
file = 2226 particle = gamma
file = 2227 particle = gamma
file = 2228 particle = neutron
file = 2229 particle = gamma
file = 2230 particle = gamma
file = 2231 particle = neutron
file = 2232 particle = gamma
file = 2233 particle = gamma
file = 2234 particle = gamma
file = 2235 particle = gamma
file = 2236 particle = gamma
file = 2237 particle = gamma
file = 2238 particle = gamma
file = 2239 particle = gamma
file = 2240 particle = gamma
file = 2241 particle = gamma
file = 2242 particle = gamma
file = 2243 particle = gamma
file = 2244 particle = gamma
file = 2245 particle = gamma
file = 2246 particle = gamma
file = 2247 particle = gamma
file = 2248 particle = gamma
file = 2249 particle = neutron
file = 2250 particle = gamma
file = 2251 particle = gamma
file = 2252 particle = gamma
file = 2253 particle = gamma
file = 2254 particle = gamma
file = 2255 particle = gamma
file = 2256 particle = gamma
file = 2257 particle = neutron
file = 2258 particle = gamma
file = 2259 particle = gamma
file = 2260 particle = gamma
file = 2261 particle = gamma
file = 2262 particle = gamma
file = 2263 particle = gamma
file = 2264 particle = gamma
file = 2265 particle = gamma
file = 2266 particle = gamma
file = 2267 particle = gamma
file = 2268 particle = gamma
file = 2269 particle = gamma
file = 2270 particle = gamma
file = 2271 particle = neutron
file = 2272 particle = gamma
file = 2273 particle = gamma
file = 2274 particle = gamma
file = 2275 particle = gamma
file = 2276 particle = gamma
file = 2277 particle = gamma
file = 2278 particle = gamma
file = 2279 particle = neutron
file = 2280 particle = gamma
file = 2281 particle = gamma
file = 2282 particle = gamma
file = 2283 particle = neutron
file = 2284 particle = gamma
file = 2285 particle = neutron
file = 2286 particle = gamma
file = 2287 particle = gamma
file = 2288 particle = gamma
file = 2289 particle = gamma
file = 2290 particle = gamma
file = 2291 particle = gamma
file = 2292 particle = gamma
file = 2293 particle = gamma
file = 2294 particle = neutron
file = 2295 particle = neutron
file = 2296 particle = gamma
file = 2297 particle = gamma
file = 2298 particle = gamma
file = 2299 particle = neutron
file = 2300 particle = gamma
file = 2301 particle = gamma
file = 2302 particle = gamma
file = 2303 particle = gamma
file = 2304 particle = gamma
file = 2305 particle = gamma
file = 2306 particle = neutron
file = 2307 particle = gamma
file = 2308 particle = gamma
file = 2309 particle = gamma
file = 2310 particle = gamma
file = 2311 particle = gamma
file = 2312 particle = gamma
file = 2313 particle = gamma
file = 2314 particle = gamma
file = 2315 particle = gamma
file = 2316 particle = gamma
file = 2317 particle = gamma
file = 2318 particle = gamma
file = 2319 particle = gamma
file = 2320 particle = neutron
file = 2321 particle = gamma
file = 2322 particle = gamma
file = 2323 particle = neutron
file = 2324 particle = gamma
file = 2325 particle = gamma
file = 2326 particle = gamma
file = 2327 particle = neutron
file = 2328 particle = gamma
file = 2329 particle = gamma
file = 2330 particle = gamma
file = 2331 particle = gamma
file = 2332 particle = gamma
file = 2333 particle = gamma
file = 2334 particle = gamma
file = 2335 particle = neutron
file = 2336 particle = gamma
file = 2337 particle = gamma
file = 2338 particle = gamma
file = 2339 particle = gamma
file = 2340 particle = gamma
file = 2341 particle = gamma
file = 2342 particle = gamma
file = 2343 particle = gamma
file = 2344 particle = neutron
file = 2345 particle = gamma
file = 2346 particle = neutron
file = 2347 particle = gamma
file = 2348 particle = gamma
file = 2349 particle = gamma
file = 2350 particle = gamma
file = 2351 particle = gamma
file = 2352 particle = neutron
file = 2353 particle = gamma
file = 2354 particle = gamma
file = 2355 particle = gamma
file = 2356 particle = gamma
file = 2357 particle = gamma
file = 2358 particle = gamma
file = 2359 particle = gamma
file = 2360 particle = gamma
file = 2361 particle = gamma
file = 2362 particle = gamma
file = 2363 particle = gamma
file = 2364 particle = neutron
file = 2365 particle = gamma
file = 2366 particle = gamma
file = 2367 particle = gamma
file = 2368 particle = gamma
file = 2369 particle = neutron
file = 2370 particle = gamma
file = 2371 particle = gamma
file = 2372 particle = gamma
file = 2373 particle = gamma
file = 2374 particle = gamma
file = 2375 particle = gamma
file = 2376 particle = neutron
file = 2377 particle = gamma
file = 2378 particle = neutron
file = 2379 particle = gamma
file = 2380 particle = gamma
file = 2381 particle = gamma
file = 2382 particle = gamma
file = 2383 particle = gamma
file = 2384 particle = gamma
file = 2385 particle = gamma
file = 2386 particle = gamma
file = 2387 particle = gamma
file = 2388 particle = gamma
file = 2389 particle = gamma
file = 2390 particle = gamma
file = 2391 particle = gamma
file = 2392 particle = gamma
file = 2393 particle = neutron
file = 2394 particle = gamma
file = 2395 particle = gamma
file = 2396 particle = gamma
file = 2397 particle = gamma
file = 2398 particle = neutron
file = 2399 particle = gamma
file = 2400 particle = gamma
file = 2401 particle = gamma
file = 2402 particle = gamma
file = 2403 particle = gamma
file = 2404 particle = gamma
file = 2405 particle = neutron
file = 2406 particle = gamma
file = 2407 particle = neutron
file = 2408 particle = gamma
file = 2409 particle = neutron
file = 2410 particle = gamma
file = 2411 particle = gamma
file = 2412 particle = gamma
file = 2413 particle = gamma
file = 2414 particle = gamma
file = 2415 particle = gamma
file = 2416 particle = gamma
file = 2417 particle = gamma
file = 2418 particle = gamma
file = 2419 particle = gamma
file = 2420 particle = gamma
file = 2421 particle = gamma
file = 2422 particle = gamma
file = 2423 particle = neutron
file = 2424 particle = gamma
file = 2425 particle = gamma
file = 2426 particle = gamma
file = 2427 particle = gamma
file = 2428 particle = gamma
file = 2429 particle = gamma
file = 2430 particle = gamma
file = 2431 particle = gamma
file = 2432 particle = gamma
file = 2433 particle = gamma
file = 2434 particle = gamma
file = 2435 particle = gamma
file = 2436 particle = neutron
file = 2437 particle = gamma
file = 2438 particle = gamma
file = 2439 particle = gamma
file = 2440 particle = gamma
file = 2441 particle = gamma
file = 2442 particle = gamma
file = 2443 particle = gamma
file = 2444 particle = gamma
file = 2445 particle = gamma
file = 2446 particle = gamma
file = 2447 particle = gamma
file = 2448 particle = gamma
file = 2449 particle = neutron
file = 2450 particle = gamma
file = 2451 particle = gamma
file = 2452 particle = gamma
file = 2453 particle = neutron
file = 2454 particle = gamma
file = 2455 particle = gamma
file = 2456 particle = neutron
file = 2457 particle = gamma
file = 2458 particle = gamma
file = 2459 particle = gamma
file = 2460 particle = gamma
file = 2461 particle = gamma
file = 2462 particle = gamma
file = 2463 particle = gamma
file = 2464 particle = neutron
file = 2465 particle = gamma
file = 2466 particle = gamma
file = 2467 particle = gamma
file = 2468 particle = gamma
file = 2469 particle = gamma
file = 2470 particle = gamma
file = 2471 particle = gamma
file = 2472 particle = neutron
file = 2473 particle = gamma
file = 2474 particle = gamma
file = 2475 particle = gamma
file = 2476 particle = gamma
file = 2477 particle = neutron
file = 2478 particle = gamma
file = 2479 particle = neutron
file = 2480 particle = gamma
file = 2481 particle = gamma
file = 2482 particle = gamma
file = 2483 particle = gamma
file = 2484 particle = neutron
file = 2485 particle = gamma
file = 2486 particle = gamma
file = 2487 particle = gamma
file = 2488 particle = gamma
file = 2489 particle = gamma
file = 2490 particle = gamma
file = 2491 particle = neutron
file = 2492 particle = gamma
file = 2493 particle = gamma
file = 2494 particle = gamma
file = 2495 particle = gamma
file = 2496 particle = gamma
file = 2497 particle = gamma
file = 2498 particle = gamma
file = 2499 particle = gamma
file = 2500 particle = neutron
file = 2501 particle = gamma
file = 2502 particle = gamma
file = 2503 particle = gamma
file = 2504 particle = gamma
file = 2505 particle = gamma
file = 2506 particle = gamma
file = 2507 particle = gamma
file = 2508 particle = neutron
file = 2509 particle = neutron
file = 2510 particle = gamma
file = 2511 particle = gamma
file = 2512 particle = gamma
file = 2513 particle = gamma
file = 2514 particle = neutron
file = 2515 particle = gamma
file = 2516 particle = gamma
file = 2517 particle = gamma
file = 2518 particle = gamma
file = 2519 particle = neutron
file = 2520 particle = neutron
file = 2521 particle = gamma
file = 2522 particle = gamma
file = 2523 particle = gamma
file = 2524 particle = gamma
file = 2525 particle = gamma
file = 2526 particle = gamma
file = 2527 particle = gamma
file = 2528 particle = gamma
file = 2529 particle = gamma
file = 2530 particle = gamma
file = 2531 particle = gamma
file = 2532 particle = neutron
file = 2533 particle = gamma
file = 2534 particle = gamma
file = 2535 particle = gamma
file = 2536 particle = gamma
file = 2537 particle = gamma
file = 2538 particle = gamma
file = 2539 particle = gamma
file = 2540 particle = gamma
file = 2541 particle = gamma
file = 2542 particle = neutron
file = 2543 particle = gamma
file = 2544 particle = gamma
file = 2545 particle = gamma
file = 2546 particle = gamma
file = 2547 particle = gamma
file = 2548 particle = gamma
file = 2549 particle = gamma
file = 2550 particle = gamma
file = 2551 particle = gamma
file = 2552 particle = gamma
file = 2553 particle = gamma
file = 2554 particle = gamma
file = 2555 particle = gamma
file = 2556 particle = gamma
file = 2557 particle = gamma
file = 2558 particle = gamma
file = 2559 particle = neutron
file = 2560 particle = gamma
file = 2561 particle = gamma
file = 2562 particle = gamma
file = 2563 particle = gamma
file = 2564 particle = neutron
file = 2565 particle = gamma
file = 2566 particle = gamma
file = 2567 particle = gamma
file = 2568 particle = gamma
file = 2569 particle = neutron
file = 2570 particle = gamma
file = 2571 particle = gamma
file = 2572 particle = gamma
file = 2573 particle = gamma
file = 2574 particle = gamma
file = 2575 particle = gamma
file = 2576 particle = neutron
file = 2577 particle = gamma
file = 2578 particle = gamma
file = 2579 particle = gamma
file = 2580 particle = gamma
file = 2581 particle = gamma
file = 2582 particle = gamma
file = 2583 particle = neutron
file = 2584 particle = gamma
file = 2585 particle = gamma
file = 2586 particle = neutron
file = 2587 particle = neutron
file = 2588 particle = gamma
file = 2589 particle = gamma
file = 2590 particle = neutron
file = 2591 particle = gamma
file = 2592 particle = gamma
file = 2593 particle = gamma
file = 2594 particle = gamma
file = 2595 particle = gamma
file = 2596 particle = neutron
file = 2597 particle = gamma
file = 2598 particle = gamma
file = 2599 particle = gamma
file = 2600 particle = gamma
file = 2601 particle = gamma
file = 2602 particle = gamma
file = 2603 particle = gamma
file = 2604 particle = gamma
file = 2605 particle = gamma
file = 2606 particle = gamma
file = 2607 particle = gamma
file = 2608 particle = gamma
file = 2609 particle = gamma
file = 2610 particle = gamma
file = 2611 particle = gamma
file = 2612 particle = gamma
file = 2613 particle = gamma
file = 2614 particle = neutron
file = 2615 particle = gamma
file = 2616 particle = gamma
file = 2617 particle = gamma
file = 2618 particle = gamma
file = 2619 particle = neutron
file = 2620 particle = gamma
file = 2621 particle = gamma
file = 2622 particle = gamma
file = 2623 particle = gamma
file = 2624 particle = gamma
file = 2625 particle = gamma
file = 2626 particle = gamma
file = 2627 particle = gamma
file = 2628 particle = gamma
file = 2629 particle = gamma
file = 2630 particle = neutron
file = 2631 particle = gamma
file = 2632 particle = gamma
file = 2633 particle = neutron
file = 2634 particle = gamma
file = 2635 particle = gamma
file = 2636 particle = gamma
file = 2637 particle = gamma
file = 2638 particle = gamma
file = 2639 particle = gamma
file = 2640 particle = gamma
file = 2641 particle = gamma
file = 2642 particle = gamma
file = 2643 particle = gamma
file = 2644 particle = gamma
file = 2645 particle = gamma
file = 2646 particle = gamma
file = 2647 particle = gamma
file = 2648 particle = neutron
file = 2649 particle = gamma
file = 2650 particle = gamma
file = 2651 particle = gamma
file = 2652 particle = neutron
file = 2653 particle = gamma
file = 2654 particle = gamma
file = 2655 particle = neutron
file = 2656 particle = neutron
file = 2657 particle = gamma
file = 2658 particle = gamma
file = 2659 particle = gamma
file = 2660 particle = gamma
file = 2661 particle = neutron
file = 2662 particle = gamma
file = 2663 particle = neutron
file = 2664 particle = gamma
file = 2665 particle = gamma
file = 2666 particle = gamma
file = 2667 particle = gamma
file = 2668 particle = gamma
file = 2669 particle = gamma
file = 2670 particle = gamma
file = 2671 particle = gamma
file = 2672 particle = gamma
file = 2673 particle = gamma
file = 2674 particle = gamma
file = 2675 particle = gamma
file = 2676 particle = gamma
file = 2677 particle = gamma
file = 2678 particle = neutron
file = 2679 particle = gamma
file = 2680 particle = gamma
file = 2681 particle = gamma
file = 2682 particle = gamma
file = 2683 particle = gamma
file = 2684 particle = gamma
file = 2685 particle = gamma
file = 2686 particle = gamma
file = 2687 particle = gamma
file = 2688 particle = gamma
file = 2689 particle = neutron
file = 2690 particle = gamma
file = 2691 particle = gamma
file = 2692 particle = neutron
file = 2693 particle = neutron
file = 2694 particle = neutron
file = 2695 particle = gamma
file = 2696 particle = gamma
file = 2697 particle = neutron
file = 2698 particle = gamma
file = 2699 particle = neutron
file = 2700 particle = neutron
file = 2701 particle = gamma
file = 2702 particle = gamma
file = 2703 particle = gamma
file = 2704 particle = neutron
file = 2705 particle = gamma
file = 2706 particle = gamma
file = 2707 particle = gamma
file = 2708 particle = gamma
file = 2709 particle = gamma
file = 2710 particle = gamma
file = 2711 particle = gamma
file = 2712 particle = neutron
file = 2713 particle = gamma
file = 2714 particle = gamma
file = 2715 particle = gamma
file = 2716 particle = neutron
file = 2717 particle = neutron
file = 2718 particle = gamma
file = 2719 particle = gamma
file = 2720 particle = gamma
file = 2721 particle = neutron
file = 2722 particle = neutron
file = 2723 particle = gamma
file = 2724 particle = gamma
file = 2725 particle = gamma
file = 2726 particle = gamma
file = 2727 particle = gamma
file = 2728 particle = gamma
file = 2729 particle = gamma
file = 2730 particle = neutron
file = 2731 particle = gamma
file = 2732 particle = gamma
file = 2733 particle = neutron
file = 2734 particle = gamma
file = 2735 particle = gamma
file = 2736 particle = gamma
file = 2737 particle = gamma
file = 2738 particle = gamma
file = 2739 particle = gamma
file = 2740 particle = gamma
file = 2741 particle = neutron
file = 2742 particle = gamma
file = 2743 particle = gamma
file = 2744 particle = gamma
file = 2745 particle = gamma
file = 2746 particle = gamma
file = 2747 particle = gamma
file = 2748 particle = gamma
file = 2749 particle = neutron
file = 2750 particle = gamma
file = 2751 particle = gamma
file = 2752 particle = gamma
file = 2753 particle = gamma
file = 2754 particle = gamma
file = 2755 particle = neutron
file = 2756 particle = gamma
file = 2757 particle = gamma
file = 2758 particle = gamma
file = 2759 particle = neutron
file = 2760 particle = neutron
file = 2761 particle = gamma
file = 2762 particle = gamma
file = 2763 particle = gamma
file = 2764 particle = gamma
file = 2765 particle = gamma
file = 2766 particle = gamma
file = 2767 particle = gamma
file = 2768 particle = gamma
file = 2769 particle = gamma
file = 2770 particle = gamma
file = 2771 particle = gamma
file = 2772 particle = gamma
file = 2773 particle = gamma
file = 2774 particle = gamma
file = 2775 particle = neutron
file = 2776 particle = gamma
file = 2777 particle = gamma
file = 2778 particle = gamma
file = 2779 particle = gamma
file = 2780 particle = gamma
file = 2781 particle = gamma
file = 2782 particle = gamma
file = 2783 particle = gamma
file = 2784 particle = gamma
file = 2785 particle = neutron
file = 2786 particle = gamma
file = 2787 particle = gamma
file = 2788 particle = gamma
file = 2789 particle = neutron
file = 2790 particle = gamma
file = 2791 particle = gamma
file = 2792 particle = neutron
file = 2793 particle = gamma
file = 2794 particle = gamma
file = 2795 particle = gamma
file = 2796 particle = gamma
file = 2797 particle = gamma
file = 2798 particle = gamma
file = 2799 particle = gamma
file = 2800 particle = neutron
file = 2801 particle = gamma
file = 2802 particle = neutron
file = 2803 particle = gamma
file = 2804 particle = gamma
file = 2805 particle = gamma
file = 2806 particle = gamma
file = 2807 particle = gamma
file = 2808 particle = gamma
file = 2809 particle = neutron
file = 2810 particle = gamma
file = 2811 particle = gamma
file = 2812 particle = gamma
file = 2813 particle = gamma
file = 2814 particle = gamma
file = 2815 particle = gamma
file = 2816 particle = gamma
file = 2817 particle = gamma
file = 2818 particle = gamma
file = 2819 particle = gamma
file = 2820 particle = gamma
file = 2821 particle = gamma
file = 2822 particle = gamma
file = 2823 particle = gamma
file = 2824 particle = gamma
file = 2825 particle = gamma
file = 2826 particle = gamma
file = 2827 particle = gamma
file = 2828 particle = gamma
file = 2829 particle = gamma
file = 2830 particle = gamma
file = 2831 particle = gamma
file = 2832 particle = gamma
file = 2833 particle = neutron
file = 2834 particle = gamma
file = 2835 particle = gamma
file = 2836 particle = gamma
file = 2837 particle = gamma
file = 2838 particle = gamma
file = 2839 particle = neutron
file = 2840 particle = gamma
file = 2841 particle = gamma
file = 2842 particle = gamma
file = 2843 particle = gamma
file = 2844 particle = gamma
file = 2845 particle = gamma
file = 2846 particle = gamma
file = 2847 particle = neutron
file = 2848 particle = gamma
file = 2849 particle = gamma
file = 2850 particle = gamma
file = 2851 particle = gamma
file = 2852 particle = gamma
file = 2853 particle = neutron
file = 2854 particle = gamma
file = 2855 particle = gamma
file = 2856 particle = gamma
file = 2857 particle = gamma
file = 2858 particle = gamma
file = 2859 particle = neutron
file = 2860 particle = neutron
file = 2861 particle = gamma
file = 2862 particle = gamma
file = 2863 particle = gamma
file = 2864 particle = gamma
file = 2865 particle = gamma
file = 2866 particle = gamma
file = 2867 particle = neutron
file = 2868 particle = gamma
file = 2869 particle = gamma
file = 2870 particle = gamma
file = 2871 particle = gamma
file = 2872 particle = gamma
file = 2873 particle = neutron
file = 2874 particle = gamma
file = 2875 particle = gamma
file = 2876 particle = gamma
file = 2877 particle = neutron
file = 2878 particle = gamma
file = 2879 particle = neutron
file = 2880 particle = gamma
file = 2881 particle = gamma
file = 2882 particle = neutron
file = 2883 particle = gamma
file = 2884 particle = gamma
file = 2885 particle = gamma
file = 2886 particle = gamma
file = 2887 particle = gamma
file = 2888 particle = gamma
file = 2889 particle = gamma
file = 2890 particle = gamma
file = 2891 particle = gamma
file = 2892 particle = gamma
file = 2893 particle = gamma
file = 2894 particle = gamma
file = 2895 particle = gamma
file = 2896 particle = gamma
file = 2897 particle = gamma
file = 2898 particle = neutron
file = 2899 particle = gamma
file = 2900 particle = gamma
file = 2901 particle = gamma
file = 2902 particle = gamma
file = 2903 particle = gamma
file = 2904 particle = neutron
file = 2905 particle = gamma
file = 2906 particle = neutron
file = 2907 particle = gamma
file = 2908 particle = gamma
file = 2909 particle = gamma
file = 2910 particle = gamma
file = 2911 particle = neutron
file = 2912 particle = gamma
file = 2913 particle = gamma
file = 2914 particle = neutron
file = 2915 particle = gamma
file = 2916 particle = gamma
file = 2917 particle = gamma
file = 2918 particle = gamma
file = 2919 particle = gamma
file = 2920 particle = gamma
file = 2921 particle = gamma
file = 2922 particle = gamma
file = 2923 particle = neutron
file = 2924 particle = gamma
file = 2925 particle = gamma
file = 2926 particle = gamma
file = 2927 particle = neutron
file = 2928 particle = gamma
file = 2929 particle = gamma
file = 2930 particle = neutron
file = 2931 particle = neutron
file = 2932 particle = gamma
file = 2933 particle = gamma
file = 2934 particle = gamma
file = 2935 particle = neutron
file = 2936 particle = gamma
file = 2937 particle = neutron
file = 2938 particle = neutron
file = 2939 particle = gamma
file = 2940 particle = gamma
file = 2941 particle = gamma
file = 2942 particle = gamma
file = 2943 particle = gamma
file = 2944 particle = neutron
file = 2945 particle = gamma
file = 2946 particle = gamma
file = 2947 particle = gamma
file = 2948 particle = neutron
file = 2949 particle = gamma
file = 2950 particle = gamma
file = 2951 particle = gamma
file = 2952 particle = neutron
file = 2953 particle = gamma
file = 2954 particle = gamma
file = 2955 particle = gamma
file = 2956 particle = gamma
file = 2957 particle = gamma
file = 2958 particle = gamma
file = 2959 particle = neutron
file = 2960 particle = gamma
file = 2961 particle = gamma
file = 2962 particle = gamma
file = 2963 particle = gamma
file = 2964 particle = gamma
file = 2965 particle = gamma
file = 2966 particle = gamma
file = 2967 particle = gamma
file = 2968 particle = gamma
file = 2969 particle = neutron
file = 2970 particle = gamma
file = 2971 particle = gamma
file = 2972 particle = gamma
file = 2973 particle = gamma
file = 2974 particle = gamma
file = 2975 particle = gamma
file = 2976 particle = gamma
file = 2977 particle = neutron
file = 2978 particle = gamma
file = 2979 particle = neutron
file = 2980 particle = neutron
file = 2981 particle = gamma
file = 2982 particle = gamma
file = 2983 particle = gamma
file = 2984 particle = neutron
file = 2985 particle = gamma
file = 2986 particle = gamma
file = 2987 particle = gamma
file = 2988 particle = neutron
file = 2989 particle = gamma
file = 2990 particle = neutron
file = 2991 particle = gamma
file = 2992 particle = gamma
file = 2993 particle = gamma
file = 2994 particle = gamma
file = 2995 particle = gamma
file = 2996 particle = gamma
file = 2997 particle = gamma
file = 2998 particle = gamma
file = 2999 particle = neutron
file = 3000 particle = gamma
file = 3001 particle = gamma
file = 3002 particle = gamma
file = 3003 particle = gamma
file = 3004 particle = gamma
file = 3005 particle = gamma
file = 3006 particle = gamma
file = 3007 particle = neutron
file = 3008 particle = gamma
file = 3009 particle = gamma
file = 3010 particle = gamma
file = 3011 particle = gamma
file = 3012 particle = gamma
file = 3013 particle = gamma
file = 3014 particle = gamma
file = 3015 particle = gamma
file = 3016 particle = gamma
file = 3017 particle = gamma
file = 3018 particle = gamma
file = 3019 particle = gamma
file = 3020 particle = gamma
file = 3021 particle = gamma
file = 3022 particle = gamma
file = 3023 particle = gamma
file = 3024 particle = gamma
file = 3025 particle = gamma
file = 3026 particle = gamma
file = 3027 particle = neutron
file = 3028 particle = gamma
file = 3029 particle = gamma
file = 3030 particle = gamma
file = 3031 particle = gamma
file = 3032 particle = gamma
file = 3033 particle = gamma
file = 3034 particle = gamma
file = 3035 particle = gamma
file = 3036 particle = neutron
file = 3037 particle = neutron
file = 3038 particle = gamma
file = 3039 particle = gamma
file = 3040 particle = neutron
file = 3041 particle = gamma
file = 3042 particle = gamma
file = 3043 particle = gamma
file = 3044 particle = neutron
file = 3045 particle = neutron
file = 3046 particle = gamma
file = 3047 particle = gamma
file = 3048 particle = gamma
file = 3049 particle = gamma
file = 3050 particle = gamma
file = 3051 particle = gamma
file = 3052 particle = gamma
file = 3053 particle = gamma
file = 3054 particle = gamma
file = 3055 particle = gamma
file = 3056 particle = gamma
file = 3057 particle = gamma
file = 3058 particle = gamma
file = 3059 particle = gamma
file = 3060 particle = gamma
file = 3061 particle = gamma
file = 3062 particle = gamma
file = 3063 particle = gamma
file = 3064 particle = gamma
file = 3065 particle = gamma
file = 3066 particle = gamma
file = 3067 particle = gamma
file = 3068 particle = neutron
file = 3069 particle = neutron
file = 3070 particle = gamma
file = 3071 particle = gamma
file = 3072 particle = gamma
file = 3073 particle = gamma
file = 3074 particle = gamma
file = 3075 particle = gamma
file = 3076 particle = gamma
file = 3077 particle = gamma
file = 3078 particle = gamma
file = 3079 particle = gamma
file = 3080 particle = gamma
file = 3081 particle = gamma
file = 3082 particle = gamma
file = 3083 particle = neutron
file = 3084 particle = gamma
file = 3085 particle = gamma
file = 3086 particle = gamma
file = 3087 particle = gamma
file = 3088 particle = gamma
file = 3089 particle = neutron
file = 3090 particle = gamma
file = 3091 particle = neutron
file = 3092 particle = gamma
file = 3093 particle = gamma
file = 3094 particle = neutron
file = 3095 particle = gamma
file = 3096 particle = gamma
file = 3097 particle = gamma
file = 3098 particle = gamma
file = 3099 particle = neutron
file = 3100 particle = gamma
file = 3101 particle = gamma
file = 3102 particle = gamma
file = 3103 particle = neutron
file = 3104 particle = gamma
file = 3105 particle = gamma
file = 3106 particle = neutron
file = 3107 particle = neutron
file = 3108 particle = neutron
file = 3109 particle = gamma
file = 3110 particle = gamma
file = 3111 particle = gamma
file = 3112 particle = gamma
file = 3113 particle = neutron
file = 3114 particle = gamma
file = 3115 particle = gamma
file = 3116 particle = gamma
file = 3117 particle = gamma
file = 3118 particle = neutron
file = 3119 particle = gamma
file = 3120 particle = gamma
file = 3121 particle = neutron
file = 3122 particle = gamma
file = 3123 particle = gamma
file = 3124 particle = gamma
file = 3125 particle = gamma
file = 3126 particle = gamma
file = 3127 particle = gamma
file = 3128 particle = gamma
file = 3129 particle = gamma
file = 3130 particle = gamma
file = 3131 particle = neutron
file = 3132 particle = gamma
file = 3133 particle = gamma
file = 3134 particle = gamma
file = 3135 particle = gamma
file = 3136 particle = gamma
file = 3137 particle = gamma
file = 3138 particle = neutron
file = 3139 particle = gamma
file = 3140 particle = gamma
file = 3141 particle = gamma
file = 3142 particle = gamma
file = 3143 particle = gamma
file = 3144 particle = gamma
file = 3145 particle = gamma
file = 3146 particle = gamma
file = 3147 particle = gamma
file = 3148 particle = gamma
file = 3149 particle = neutron
file = 3150 particle = gamma
file = 3151 particle = gamma
file = 3152 particle = gamma
file = 3153 particle = gamma
file = 3154 particle = gamma
file = 3155 particle = neutron
file = 3156 particle = neutron
file = 3157 particle = gamma
file = 3158 particle = gamma
file = 3159 particle = gamma
file = 3160 particle = gamma
file = 3161 particle = gamma
file = 3162 particle = gamma
file = 3163 particle = gamma
file = 3164 particle = gamma
file = 3165 particle = gamma
file = 3166 particle = gamma
file = 3167 particle = gamma
file = 3168 particle = gamma
file = 3169 particle = gamma
file = 3170 particle = gamma
file = 3171 particle = neutron
file = 3172 particle = gamma
file = 3173 particle = neutron
file = 3174 particle = gamma
file = 3175 particle = gamma
file = 3176 particle = gamma
file = 3177 particle = gamma
file = 3178 particle = gamma
file = 3179 particle = neutron
file = 3180 particle = gamma
file = 3181 particle = gamma
file = 3182 particle = neutron
file = 3183 particle = gamma
file = 3184 particle = neutron
file = 3185 particle = gamma
file = 3186 particle = gamma
file = 3187 particle = gamma
file = 3188 particle = gamma
file = 3189 particle = gamma
file = 3190 particle = gamma
file = 3191 particle = gamma
file = 3192 particle = neutron
file = 3193 particle = gamma
file = 3194 particle = gamma
file = 3195 particle = neutron
file = 3196 particle = gamma
file = 3197 particle = gamma
file = 3198 particle = gamma
file = 3199 particle = gamma
file = 3200 particle = gamma
file = 3201 particle = gamma
file = 3202 particle = gamma
file = 3203 particle = gamma
file = 3204 particle = gamma
file = 3205 particle = gamma
file = 3206 particle = neutron
file = 3207 particle = gamma
file = 3208 particle = gamma
file = 3209 particle = gamma
file = 3210 particle = gamma
file = 3211 particle = gamma
file = 3212 particle = gamma
file = 3213 particle = gamma
file = 3214 particle = gamma
file = 3215 particle = gamma
file = 3216 particle = gamma
file = 3217 particle = gamma
file = 3218 particle = gamma
file = 3219 particle = gamma
file = 3220 particle = gamma
file = 3221 particle = gamma
file = 3222 particle = neutron
file = 3223 particle = neutron
file = 3224 particle = gamma
file = 3225 particle = gamma
file = 3226 particle = gamma
file = 3227 particle = gamma
file = 3228 particle = gamma
file = 3229 particle = gamma
file = 3230 particle = gamma
file = 3231 particle = neutron
file = 3232 particle = gamma
file = 3233 particle = gamma
file = 3234 particle = gamma
file = 3235 particle = neutron
file = 3236 particle = gamma
file = 3237 particle = gamma
file = 3238 particle = gamma
file = 3239 particle = gamma
file = 3240 particle = gamma
file = 3241 particle = gamma
file = 3242 particle = gamma
file = 3243 particle = gamma
file = 3244 particle = gamma
file = 3245 particle = gamma
file = 3246 particle = gamma
file = 3247 particle = gamma
file = 3248 particle = gamma
file = 3249 particle = neutron
file = 3250 particle = gamma
file = 3251 particle = gamma
file = 3252 particle = gamma
file = 3253 particle = gamma
file = 3254 particle = gamma
file = 3255 particle = gamma
file = 3256 particle = gamma
file = 3257 particle = gamma
file = 3258 particle = gamma
file = 3259 particle = gamma
file = 3260 particle = gamma
file = 3261 particle = gamma
file = 3262 particle = gamma
file = 3263 particle = gamma
file = 3264 particle = gamma
file = 3265 particle = neutron
file = 3266 particle = gamma
file = 3267 particle = gamma
file = 3268 particle = neutron
file = 3269 particle = neutron
file = 3270 particle = gamma
file = 3271 particle = gamma
file = 3272 particle = gamma
file = 3273 particle = gamma
file = 3274 particle = gamma
file = 3275 particle = gamma
file = 3276 particle = gamma
file = 3277 particle = gamma
file = 3278 particle = gamma
file = 3279 particle = gamma
file = 3280 particle = gamma
file = 3281 particle = neutron
file = 3282 particle = gamma
file = 3283 particle = neutron
file = 3284 particle = gamma
file = 3285 particle = gamma
file = 3286 particle = gamma
file = 3287 particle = neutron
file = 3288 particle = gamma
file = 3289 particle = gamma
file = 3290 particle = neutron
file = 3291 particle = gamma
file = 3292 particle = gamma
file = 3293 particle = gamma
file = 3294 particle = gamma
file = 3295 particle = gamma
file = 3296 particle = gamma
file = 3297 particle = gamma
file = 3298 particle = gamma
file = 3299 particle = gamma
file = 3300 particle = neutron
file = 3301 particle = neutron
file = 3302 particle = gamma
file = 3303 particle = gamma
file = 3304 particle = gamma
file = 3305 particle = gamma
file = 3306 particle = gamma
file = 3307 particle = gamma
file = 3308 particle = gamma
file = 3309 particle = gamma
file = 3310 particle = gamma
file = 3311 particle = gamma
file = 3312 particle = gamma
file = 3313 particle = gamma
file = 3314 particle = gamma
file = 3315 particle = gamma
file = 3316 particle = gamma
file = 3317 particle = gamma
file = 3318 particle = gamma
file = 3319 particle = gamma
file = 3320 particle = neutron
file = 3321 particle = gamma
file = 3322 particle = gamma
file = 3323 particle = gamma
file = 3324 particle = gamma
file = 3325 particle = gamma
file = 3326 particle = gamma
file = 3327 particle = neutron
file = 3328 particle = neutron
file = 3329 particle = gamma
file = 3330 particle = gamma
file = 3331 particle = neutron
file = 3332 particle = gamma
file = 3333 particle = gamma
file = 3334 particle = gamma
file = 3335 particle = gamma
file = 3336 particle = gamma
file = 3337 particle = gamma
file = 3338 particle = gamma
file = 3339 particle = gamma
file = 3340 particle = gamma
file = 3341 particle = gamma
file = 3342 particle = gamma
file = 3343 particle = neutron
file = 3344 particle = gamma
file = 3345 particle = gamma
file = 3346 particle = gamma
file = 3347 particle = gamma
file = 3348 particle = gamma
file = 3349 particle = neutron
file = 3350 particle = gamma
file = 3351 particle = gamma
file = 3352 particle = gamma
file = 3353 particle = gamma
file = 3354 particle = gamma
file = 3355 particle = neutron
file = 3356 particle = gamma
file = 3357 particle = gamma
file = 3358 particle = gamma
file = 3359 particle = gamma
file = 3360 particle = gamma
file = 3361 particle = gamma
file = 3362 particle = gamma
file = 3363 particle = gamma
file = 3364 particle = gamma
file = 3365 particle = neutron
file = 3366 particle = gamma
file = 3367 particle = neutron
file = 3368 particle = gamma
file = 3369 particle = gamma
file = 3370 particle = gamma
file = 3371 particle = gamma
file = 3372 particle = gamma
file = 3373 particle = gamma
file = 3374 particle = gamma
file = 3375 particle = gamma
file = 3376 particle = gamma
file = 3377 particle = gamma
file = 3378 particle = gamma
file = 3379 particle = gamma
file = 3380 particle = neutron
file = 3381 particle = gamma
file = 3382 particle = gamma
file = 3383 particle = gamma
file = 3384 particle = gamma
file = 3385 particle = neutron
file = 3386 particle = gamma
file = 3387 particle = neutron
file = 3388 particle = neutron
file = 3389 particle = gamma
file = 3390 particle = gamma
file = 3391 particle = gamma
file = 3392 particle = gamma
file = 3393 particle = gamma
file = 3394 particle = neutron
file = 3395 particle = gamma
file = 3396 particle = neutron
file = 3397 particle = gamma
file = 3398 particle = gamma
file = 3399 particle = neutron
file = 3400 particle = neutron
file = 3401 particle = gamma
file = 3402 particle = gamma
file = 3403 particle = gamma
file = 3404 particle = gamma
file = 3405 particle = gamma
file = 3406 particle = gamma
file = 3407 particle = neutron
file = 3408 particle = gamma
file = 3409 particle = gamma
file = 3410 particle = gamma
file = 3411 particle = gamma
file = 3412 particle = gamma
file = 3413 particle = gamma
file = 3414 particle = gamma
file = 3415 particle = gamma
file = 3416 particle = gamma
file = 3417 particle = neutron
file = 3418 particle = gamma
file = 3419 particle = gamma
file = 3420 particle = gamma
file = 3421 particle = gamma
file = 3422 particle = gamma
file = 3423 particle = gamma
file = 3424 particle = gamma
file = 3425 particle = gamma
file = 3426 particle = gamma
file = 3427 particle = gamma
file = 3428 particle = neutron
file = 3429 particle = gamma
file = 3430 particle = neutron
file = 3431 particle = gamma
file = 3432 particle = gamma
file = 3433 particle = gamma
file = 3434 particle = gamma
file = 3435 particle = neutron
file = 3436 particle = gamma
file = 3437 particle = gamma
file = 3438 particle = neutron
file = 3439 particle = gamma
file = 3440 particle = gamma
file = 3441 particle = neutron
file = 3442 particle = gamma
file = 3443 particle = neutron
file = 3444 particle = gamma
file = 3445 particle = gamma
file = 3446 particle = gamma
file = 3447 particle = gamma
file = 3448 particle = gamma
file = 3449 particle = gamma
file = 3450 particle = gamma
file = 3451 particle = gamma
file = 3452 particle = neutron
file = 3453 particle = gamma
file = 3454 particle = gamma
file = 3455 particle = gamma
file = 3456 particle = gamma
file = 3457 particle = gamma
file = 3458 particle = gamma
file = 3459 particle = neutron
file = 3460 particle = gamma
file = 3461 particle = gamma
file = 3462 particle = neutron
file = 3463 particle = gamma
file = 3464 particle = gamma
file = 3465 particle = gamma
file = 3466 particle = gamma
file = 3467 particle = neutron
file = 3468 particle = gamma
file = 3469 particle = neutron
file = 3470 particle = gamma
file = 3471 particle = gamma
file = 3472 particle = gamma
file = 3473 particle = gamma
file = 3474 particle = gamma
file = 3475 particle = gamma
file = 3476 particle = gamma
file = 3477 particle = gamma
file = 3478 particle = gamma
file = 3479 particle = gamma
file = 3480 particle = gamma
file = 3481 particle = gamma
file = 3482 particle = gamma
file = 3483 particle = gamma
file = 3484 particle = gamma
file = 3485 particle = gamma
file = 3486 particle = gamma
file = 3487 particle = gamma
file = 3488 particle = gamma
file = 3489 particle = gamma
file = 3490 particle = gamma
file = 3491 particle = gamma
file = 3492 particle = gamma
file = 3493 particle = gamma
file = 3494 particle = neutron
file = 3495 particle = gamma
file = 3496 particle = gamma
file = 3497 particle = gamma
file = 3498 particle = gamma
file = 3499 particle = gamma
file = 3500 particle = gamma
file = 3501 particle = gamma
file = 3502 particle = gamma
file = 3503 particle = gamma
file = 3504 particle = gamma
file = 3505 particle = gamma
file = 3506 particle = gamma
file = 3507 particle = gamma
file = 3508 particle = gamma
file = 3509 particle = gamma
file = 3510 particle = gamma
file = 3511 particle = gamma
file = 3512 particle = gamma
file = 3513 particle = gamma
file = 3514 particle = gamma
file = 3515 particle = neutron
file = 3516 particle = gamma
file = 3517 particle = gamma
file = 3518 particle = gamma
file = 3519 particle = gamma
file = 3520 particle = gamma
file = 3521 particle = gamma
file = 3522 particle = neutron
file = 3523 particle = gamma
file = 3524 particle = neutron
file = 3525 particle = neutron
file = 3526 particle = gamma
file = 3527 particle = neutron
file = 3528 particle = gamma
file = 3529 particle = gamma
file = 3530 particle = gamma
file = 3531 particle = gamma
file = 3532 particle = gamma
file = 3533 particle = gamma
file = 3534 particle = gamma
file = 3535 particle = gamma
file = 3536 particle = gamma
file = 3537 particle = gamma
file = 3538 particle = gamma
file = 3539 particle = gamma
file = 3540 particle = gamma
file = 3541 particle = neutron
file = 3542 particle = gamma
file = 3543 particle = gamma
file = 3544 particle = neutron
file = 3545 particle = gamma
file = 3546 particle = gamma
file = 3547 particle = gamma
file = 3548 particle = gamma
file = 3549 particle = gamma
file = 3550 particle = gamma
file = 3551 particle = gamma
file = 3552 particle = gamma
file = 3553 particle = gamma
file = 3554 particle = gamma
file = 3555 particle = gamma
file = 3556 particle = gamma
file = 3557 particle = gamma
file = 3558 particle = gamma
file = 3559 particle = gamma
file = 3560 particle = gamma
file = 3561 particle = gamma
file = 3562 particle = gamma
file = 3563 particle = gamma
file = 3564 particle = gamma
file = 3565 particle = gamma
file = 3566 particle = neutron
file = 3567 particle = gamma
file = 3568 particle = gamma
file = 3569 particle = gamma
file = 3570 particle = gamma
file = 3571 particle = gamma
file = 3572 particle = gamma
file = 3573 particle = gamma
file = 3574 particle = gamma
file = 3575 particle = gamma
file = 3576 particle = gamma
file = 3577 particle = gamma
file = 3578 particle = gamma
file = 3579 particle = gamma
file = 3580 particle = gamma
file = 3581 particle = gamma
file = 3582 particle = gamma
file = 3583 particle = neutron
file = 3584 particle = neutron
file = 3585 particle = gamma
file = 3586 particle = gamma
file = 3587 particle = gamma
file = 3588 particle = gamma
file = 3589 particle = gamma
file = 3590 particle = neutron
file = 3591 particle = gamma
file = 3592 particle = gamma
file = 3593 particle = gamma
file = 3594 particle = neutron
file = 3595 particle = gamma
file = 3596 particle = gamma
file = 3597 particle = neutron
file = 3598 particle = neutron
file = 3599 particle = gamma
file = 3600 particle = gamma
file = 3601 particle = gamma
file = 3602 particle = gamma
file = 3603 particle = gamma
file = 3604 particle = gamma
file = 3605 particle = gamma
file = 3606 particle = gamma
file = 3607 particle = gamma
file = 3608 particle = gamma
file = 3609 particle = gamma
file = 3610 particle = gamma
file = 3611 particle = gamma
file = 3612 particle = gamma
file = 3613 particle = gamma
file = 3614 particle = gamma
file = 3615 particle = gamma
file = 3616 particle = gamma
file = 3617 particle = gamma
file = 3618 particle = gamma
file = 3619 particle = gamma
file = 3620 particle = gamma
file = 3621 particle = gamma
file = 3622 particle = gamma
file = 3623 particle = gamma
file = 3624 particle = gamma
file = 3625 particle = gamma
file = 3626 particle = neutron
file = 3627 particle = gamma
file = 3628 particle = gamma
file = 3629 particle = gamma
file = 3630 particle = neutron
file = 3631 particle = gamma
file = 3632 particle = gamma
file = 3633 particle = gamma
file = 3634 particle = gamma
file = 3635 particle = gamma
file = 3636 particle = gamma
file = 3637 particle = neutron
file = 3638 particle = gamma
file = 3639 particle = gamma
file = 3640 particle = gamma
file = 3641 particle = gamma
file = 3642 particle = neutron
file = 3643 particle = gamma
file = 3644 particle = gamma
file = 3645 particle = gamma
file = 3646 particle = neutron
file = 3647 particle = neutron
file = 3648 particle = neutron
file = 3649 particle = neutron
file = 3650 particle = gamma
file = 3651 particle = gamma
file = 3652 particle = gamma
file = 3653 particle = gamma
file = 3654 particle = gamma
file = 3655 particle = gamma
file = 3656 particle = gamma
file = 3657 particle = gamma
file = 3658 particle = gamma
file = 3659 particle = neutron
file = 3660 particle = gamma
file = 3661 particle = gamma
file = 3662 particle = gamma
file = 3663 particle = gamma
file = 3664 particle = gamma
file = 3665 particle = neutron
file = 3666 particle = gamma
file = 3667 particle = gamma
file = 3668 particle = gamma
file = 3669 particle = gamma
file = 3670 particle = gamma
file = 3671 particle = gamma
file = 3672 particle = gamma
file = 3673 particle = neutron
file = 3674 particle = gamma
file = 3675 particle = gamma
file = 3676 particle = gamma
file = 3677 particle = neutron
file = 3678 particle = neutron
file = 3679 particle = gamma
file = 3680 particle = gamma
file = 3681 particle = gamma
file = 3682 particle = gamma
file = 3683 particle = gamma
file = 3684 particle = neutron
file = 3685 particle = gamma
file = 3686 particle = neutron
file = 3687 particle = neutron
file = 3688 particle = gamma
file = 3689 particle = neutron
file = 3690 particle = neutron
file = 3691 particle = gamma
file = 3692 particle = gamma
file = 3693 particle = neutron
file = 3694 particle = gamma
file = 3695 particle = gamma
file = 3696 particle = gamma
file = 3697 particle = gamma
file = 3698 particle = gamma
file = 3699 particle = gamma
file = 3700 particle = gamma
file = 3701 particle = gamma
file = 3702 particle = gamma
file = 3703 particle = gamma
file = 3704 particle = gamma
file = 3705 particle = gamma
file = 3706 particle = gamma
file = 3707 particle = neutron
file = 3708 particle = gamma
file = 3709 particle = gamma
file = 3710 particle = neutron
file = 3711 particle = gamma
file = 3712 particle = gamma
file = 3713 particle = gamma
file = 3714 particle = gamma
file = 3715 particle = gamma
file = 3716 particle = gamma
file = 3717 particle = gamma
file = 3718 particle = gamma
file = 3719 particle = gamma
file = 3720 particle = gamma
file = 3721 particle = gamma
file = 3722 particle = gamma
file = 3723 particle = gamma
file = 3724 particle = neutron
file = 3725 particle = gamma
file = 3726 particle = gamma
file = 3727 particle = gamma
file = 3728 particle = gamma
file = 3729 particle = gamma
file = 3730 particle = gamma
file = 3731 particle = neutron
file = 3732 particle = neutron
file = 3733 particle = gamma
file = 3734 particle = gamma
file = 3735 particle = gamma
file = 3736 particle = gamma
file = 3737 particle = neutron
file = 3738 particle = gamma
file = 3739 particle = neutron
file = 3740 particle = gamma
file = 3741 particle = gamma
file = 3742 particle = gamma
file = 3743 particle = gamma
file = 3744 particle = gamma
file = 3745 particle = gamma
file = 3746 particle = gamma
file = 3747 particle = gamma
file = 3748 particle = gamma
file = 3749 particle = gamma
file = 3750 particle = neutron
file = 3751 particle = gamma
file = 3752 particle = neutron
file = 3753 particle = gamma
file = 3754 particle = gamma
file = 3755 particle = gamma
file = 3756 particle = gamma
file = 3757 particle = gamma
file = 3758 particle = gamma
file = 3759 particle = gamma
file = 3760 particle = gamma
file = 3761 particle = gamma
file = 3762 particle = neutron
file = 3763 particle = neutron
file = 3764 particle = gamma
file = 3765 particle = gamma
file = 3766 particle = gamma
file = 3767 particle = gamma
file = 3768 particle = gamma
file = 3769 particle = gamma
file = 3770 particle = gamma
file = 3771 particle = gamma
file = 3772 particle = neutron
file = 3773 particle = gamma
file = 3774 particle = gamma
file = 3775 particle = gamma
file = 3776 particle = gamma
file = 3777 particle = gamma
file = 3778 particle = gamma
file = 3779 particle = gamma
file = 3780 particle = gamma
file = 3781 particle = gamma
file = 3782 particle = gamma
file = 3783 particle = gamma
file = 3784 particle = gamma
file = 3785 particle = gamma
file = 3786 particle = gamma
file = 3787 particle = neutron
file = 3788 particle = gamma
file = 3789 particle = gamma
file = 3790 particle = gamma
file = 3791 particle = gamma
file = 3792 particle = neutron
file = 3793 particle = gamma
file = 3794 particle = gamma
file = 3795 particle = gamma
file = 3796 particle = neutron
file = 3797 particle = gamma
file = 3798 particle = gamma
file = 3799 particle = gamma
file = 3800 particle = neutron
file = 3801 particle = gamma
file = 3802 particle = gamma
file = 3803 particle = neutron
file = 3804 particle = gamma
file = 3805 particle = gamma
file = 3806 particle = gamma
file = 3807 particle = gamma
file = 3808 particle = gamma
file = 3809 particle = gamma
file = 3810 particle = gamma
file = 3811 particle = neutron
file = 3812 particle = gamma
file = 3813 particle = gamma
file = 3814 particle = gamma
file = 3815 particle = gamma
file = 3816 particle = neutron
file = 3817 particle = gamma
file = 3818 particle = gamma
file = 3819 particle = gamma
file = 3820 particle = gamma
file = 3821 particle = gamma
file = 3822 particle = gamma
file = 3823 particle = gamma
file = 3824 particle = gamma
file = 3825 particle = gamma
file = 3826 particle = gamma
file = 3827 particle = gamma
file = 3828 particle = gamma
file = 3829 particle = gamma
file = 3830 particle = gamma
file = 3831 particle = gamma
file = 3832 particle = gamma
file = 3833 particle = gamma
file = 3834 particle = gamma
file = 3835 particle = gamma
file = 3836 particle = neutron
file = 3837 particle = gamma
file = 3838 particle = gamma
file = 3839 particle = neutron
file = 3840 particle = gamma
file = 3841 particle = gamma
file = 3842 particle = gamma
file = 3843 particle = gamma
file = 3844 particle = gamma
file = 3845 particle = gamma
file = 3846 particle = gamma
file = 3847 particle = neutron
file = 3848 particle = gamma
file = 3849 particle = neutron
file = 3850 particle = gamma
file = 3851 particle = gamma
file = 3852 particle = gamma
file = 3853 particle = gamma
file = 3854 particle = neutron
file = 3855 particle = gamma
file = 3856 particle = gamma
file = 3857 particle = gamma
file = 3858 particle = gamma
file = 3859 particle = neutron
file = 3860 particle = gamma
file = 3861 particle = gamma
file = 3862 particle = gamma
file = 3863 particle = neutron
file = 3864 particle = gamma
file = 3865 particle = gamma
file = 3866 particle = gamma
file = 3867 particle = gamma
file = 3868 particle = gamma
file = 3869 particle = gamma
file = 3870 particle = gamma
file = 3871 particle = gamma
file = 3872 particle = gamma
file = 3873 particle = neutron
file = 3874 particle = gamma
file = 3875 particle = gamma
file = 3876 particle = gamma
file = 3877 particle = gamma
file = 3878 particle = gamma
file = 3879 particle = gamma
file = 3880 particle = gamma
file = 3881 particle = neutron
file = 3882 particle = gamma
file = 3883 particle = gamma
file = 3884 particle = neutron
file = 3885 particle = gamma
file = 3886 particle = gamma
file = 3887 particle = neutron
file = 3888 particle = gamma
file = 3889 particle = gamma
file = 3890 particle = neutron
file = 3891 particle = neutron
file = 3892 particle = gamma
file = 3893 particle = gamma
file = 3894 particle = gamma
file = 3895 particle = gamma
file = 3896 particle = gamma
file = 3897 particle = gamma
file = 3898 particle = neutron
file = 3899 particle = neutron
file = 3900 particle = gamma
file = 3901 particle = gamma
file = 3902 particle = gamma
file = 3903 particle = neutron
file = 3904 particle = gamma
file = 3905 particle = gamma
file = 3906 particle = neutron
file = 3907 particle = neutron
file = 3908 particle = gamma
file = 3909 particle = gamma
file = 3910 particle = gamma
file = 3911 particle = gamma
file = 3912 particle = gamma
file = 3913 particle = gamma
file = 3914 particle = neutron
file = 3915 particle = gamma
file = 3916 particle = gamma
file = 3917 particle = gamma
file = 3918 particle = gamma
file = 3919 particle = gamma
file = 3920 particle = gamma
file = 3921 particle = gamma
file = 3922 particle = gamma
file = 3923 particle = gamma
file = 3924 particle = gamma
file = 3925 particle = gamma
file = 3926 particle = gamma
file = 3927 particle = gamma
file = 3928 particle = gamma
file = 3929 particle = gamma
file = 3930 particle = gamma
file = 3931 particle = gamma
file = 3932 particle = gamma
file = 3933 particle = gamma
file = 3934 particle = gamma
file = 3935 particle = neutron
file = 3936 particle = gamma
file = 3937 particle = gamma
file = 3938 particle = gamma
file = 3939 particle = gamma
file = 3940 particle = neutron
file = 3941 particle = gamma
file = 3942 particle = gamma
file = 3943 particle = gamma
file = 3944 particle = gamma
file = 3945 particle = gamma
file = 3946 particle = gamma
file = 3947 particle = gamma
file = 3948 particle = gamma
file = 3949 particle = gamma
file = 3950 particle = gamma
file = 3951 particle = gamma
file = 3952 particle = gamma
file = 3953 particle = gamma
file = 3954 particle = gamma
file = 3955 particle = neutron
file = 3956 particle = neutron
file = 3957 particle = gamma
file = 3958 particle = gamma
file = 3959 particle = gamma
file = 3960 particle = neutron
file = 3961 particle = gamma
file = 3962 particle = gamma
file = 3963 particle = gamma
file = 3964 particle = gamma
file = 3965 particle = gamma
file = 3966 particle = gamma
file = 3967 particle = gamma
file = 3968 particle = gamma
file = 3969 particle = gamma
file = 3970 particle = gamma
file = 3971 particle = gamma
file = 3972 particle = gamma
file = 3973 particle = gamma
file = 3974 particle = gamma
file = 3975 particle = gamma
file = 3976 particle = gamma
file = 3977 particle = neutron
file = 3978 particle = neutron
file = 3979 particle = gamma
file = 3980 particle = gamma
file = 3981 particle = neutron
file = 3982 particle = neutron
file = 3983 particle = gamma
file = 3984 particle = gamma
file = 3985 particle = gamma
file = 3986 particle = gamma
file = 3987 particle = gamma
file = 3988 particle = gamma
file = 3989 particle = gamma
file = 3990 particle = gamma
file = 3991 particle = neutron
file = 3992 particle = gamma
file = 3993 particle = gamma
file = 3994 particle = neutron
file = 3995 particle = gamma
file = 3996 particle = gamma
file = 3997 particle = gamma
file = 3998 particle = gamma
file = 3999 particle = neutron
file = 4000 particle = neutron
file = 4001 particle = neutron
file = 4002 particle = gamma
file = 4003 particle = gamma
file = 4004 particle = gamma
file = 4005 particle = gamma
file = 4006 particle = gamma
file = 4007 particle = neutron
file = 4008 particle = gamma
file = 4009 particle = gamma
file = 4010 particle = gamma
file = 4011 particle = gamma
file = 4012 particle = gamma
file = 4013 particle = gamma
file = 4014 particle = gamma
file = 4015 particle = gamma
file = 4016 particle = gamma
file = 4017 particle = gamma
file = 4018 particle = neutron
file = 4019 particle = gamma
file = 4020 particle = gamma
file = 4021 particle = gamma
file = 4022 particle = neutron
file = 4023 particle = gamma
file = 4024 particle = gamma
file = 4025 particle = neutron
file = 4026 particle = gamma
file = 4027 particle = gamma
file = 4028 particle = neutron
file = 4029 particle = neutron
file = 4030 particle = gamma
file = 4031 particle = gamma
file = 4032 particle = gamma
file = 4033 particle = gamma
file = 4034 particle = neutron
file = 4035 particle = gamma
file = 4036 particle = gamma
file = 4037 particle = gamma
file = 4038 particle = gamma
file = 4039 particle = gamma
file = 4040 particle = gamma
file = 4041 particle = gamma
file = 4042 particle = gamma
file = 4043 particle = gamma
file = 4044 particle = neutron
file = 4045 particle = gamma
file = 4046 particle = neutron
file = 4047 particle = gamma
file = 4048 particle = gamma
file = 4049 particle = neutron
file = 4050 particle = gamma
file = 4051 particle = gamma
file = 4052 particle = gamma
file = 4053 particle = gamma
file = 4054 particle = gamma
file = 4055 particle = gamma
file = 4056 particle = gamma
file = 4057 particle = gamma
file = 4058 particle = neutron
file = 4059 particle = gamma
file = 4060 particle = gamma
file = 4061 particle = gamma
file = 4062 particle = gamma
file = 4063 particle = gamma
file = 4064 particle = gamma
file = 4065 particle = gamma
file = 4066 particle = gamma
file = 4067 particle = neutron
file = 4068 particle = gamma
file = 4069 particle = gamma
file = 4070 particle = gamma
file = 4071 particle = gamma
file = 4072 particle = gamma
file = 4073 particle = gamma
file = 4074 particle = gamma
file = 4075 particle = neutron
file = 4076 particle = gamma
file = 4077 particle = gamma
file = 4078 particle = gamma
file = 4079 particle = gamma
file = 4080 particle = neutron
file = 4081 particle = gamma
file = 4082 particle = gamma
file = 4083 particle = gamma
file = 4084 particle = gamma
file = 4085 particle = neutron
file = 4086 particle = gamma
file = 4087 particle = gamma
file = 4088 particle = gamma
file = 4089 particle = gamma
file = 4090 particle = gamma
file = 4091 particle = gamma
file = 4092 particle = gamma
file = 4093 particle = gamma
file = 4094 particle = neutron
file = 4095 particle = gamma
file = 4096 particle = gamma
file = 4097 particle = neutron
file = 4098 particle = gamma
file = 4099 particle = gamma
file = 4100 particle = gamma
file = 4101 particle = gamma
file = 4102 particle = gamma
file = 4103 particle = neutron
file = 4104 particle = gamma
file = 4105 particle = gamma
file = 4106 particle = gamma
file = 4107 particle = gamma
file = 4108 particle = gamma
file = 4109 particle = gamma
file = 4110 particle = gamma
file = 4111 particle = gamma
file = 4112 particle = gamma
file = 4113 particle = gamma
file = 4114 particle = gamma
file = 4115 particle = neutron
file = 4116 particle = neutron
file = 4117 particle = gamma
file = 4118 particle = gamma
file = 4119 particle = gamma
file = 4120 particle = gamma
file = 4121 particle = gamma
file = 4122 particle = gamma
file = 4123 particle = gamma
file = 4124 particle = neutron
file = 4125 particle = gamma
file = 4126 particle = gamma
file = 4127 particle = gamma
file = 4128 particle = gamma
file = 4129 particle = gamma
file = 4130 particle = gamma
file = 4131 particle = gamma
file = 4132 particle = gamma
file = 4133 particle = gamma
file = 4134 particle = gamma
file = 4135 particle = gamma
file = 4136 particle = gamma
file = 4137 particle = gamma
file = 4138 particle = gamma
file = 4139 particle = gamma
file = 4140 particle = gamma
file = 4141 particle = gamma
file = 4142 particle = gamma
file = 4143 particle = neutron
file = 4144 particle = gamma
file = 4145 particle = gamma
file = 4146 particle = gamma
file = 4147 particle = gamma
file = 4148 particle = gamma
file = 4149 particle = gamma
file = 4150 particle = gamma
file = 4151 particle = gamma
file = 4152 particle = gamma
file = 4153 particle = gamma
file = 4154 particle = gamma
file = 4155 particle = gamma
file = 4156 particle = gamma
file = 4157 particle = gamma
file = 4158 particle = gamma
file = 4159 particle = gamma
file = 4160 particle = gamma
file = 4161 particle = gamma
file = 4162 particle = gamma
file = 4163 particle = gamma
file = 4164 particle = gamma
file = 4165 particle = gamma
file = 4166 particle = gamma
file = 4167 particle = gamma
file = 4168 particle = gamma
file = 4169 particle = gamma
file = 4170 particle = gamma
file = 4171 particle = gamma
file = 4172 particle = neutron
file = 4173 particle = gamma
file = 4174 particle = gamma
file = 4175 particle = gamma
file = 4176 particle = gamma
file = 4177 particle = gamma
file = 4178 particle = gamma
file = 4179 particle = gamma
file = 4180 particle = gamma
file = 4181 particle = gamma
file = 4182 particle = gamma
file = 4183 particle = gamma
file = 4184 particle = gamma
file = 4185 particle = gamma
file = 4186 particle = gamma
file = 4187 particle = gamma
file = 4188 particle = gamma
file = 4189 particle = gamma
file = 4190 particle = gamma
file = 4191 particle = gamma
file = 4192 particle = gamma
file = 4193 particle = gamma
file = 4194 particle = gamma
file = 4195 particle = gamma
file = 4196 particle = neutron
file = 4197 particle = neutron
file = 4198 particle = gamma
file = 4199 particle = gamma
file = 4200 particle = gamma
file = 4201 particle = gamma
file = 4202 particle = gamma
file = 4203 particle = gamma
file = 4204 particle = gamma
file = 4205 particle = gamma
file = 4206 particle = gamma
file = 4207 particle = gamma
file = 4208 particle = neutron
file = 4209 particle = gamma
file = 4210 particle = gamma
file = 4211 particle = gamma
file = 4212 particle = gamma
file = 4213 particle = gamma
file = 4214 particle = neutron
file = 4215 particle = neutron
file = 4216 particle = gamma
file = 4217 particle = gamma
file = 4218 particle = gamma
file = 4219 particle = gamma
file = 4220 particle = gamma
file = 4221 particle = gamma
file = 4222 particle = gamma
file = 4223 particle = gamma
file = 4224 particle = gamma
file = 4225 particle = gamma
file = 4226 particle = gamma
file = 4227 particle = gamma
file = 4228 particle = gamma
file = 4229 particle = neutron
file = 4230 particle = gamma
file = 4231 particle = gamma
file = 4232 particle = gamma
file = 4233 particle = gamma
file = 4234 particle = gamma
file = 4235 particle = gamma
file = 4236 particle = gamma
file = 4237 particle = gamma
file = 4238 particle = gamma
file = 4239 particle = gamma
file = 4240 particle = gamma
file = 4241 particle = gamma
file = 4242 particle = gamma
file = 4243 particle = gamma
file = 4244 particle = gamma
file = 4245 particle = gamma
file = 4246 particle = gamma
file = 4247 particle = gamma
file = 4248 particle = gamma
file = 4249 particle = gamma
file = 4250 particle = neutron
file = 4251 particle = gamma
file = 4252 particle = gamma
file = 4253 particle = neutron
file = 4254 particle = gamma
file = 4255 particle = gamma
file = 4256 particle = gamma
file = 4257 particle = gamma
file = 4258 particle = gamma
file = 4259 particle = neutron
file = 4260 particle = gamma
file = 4261 particle = gamma
file = 4262 particle = gamma
file = 4263 particle = neutron
file = 4264 particle = gamma
file = 4265 particle = neutron
file = 4266 particle = gamma
file = 4267 particle = gamma
file = 4268 particle = gamma
file = 4269 particle = gamma
file = 4270 particle = gamma
file = 4271 particle = gamma
file = 4272 particle = gamma
file = 4273 particle = gamma
file = 4274 particle = gamma
file = 4275 particle = gamma
file = 4276 particle = gamma
file = 4277 particle = gamma
file = 4278 particle = gamma
file = 4279 particle = gamma
file = 4280 particle = gamma
file = 4281 particle = gamma
file = 4282 particle = gamma
file = 4283 particle = gamma
file = 4284 particle = gamma
file = 4285 particle = gamma
file = 4286 particle = gamma
file = 4287 particle = gamma
file = 4288 particle = gamma
file = 4289 particle = gamma
file = 4290 particle = gamma
file = 4291 particle = gamma
file = 4292 particle = gamma
file = 4293 particle = gamma
file = 4294 particle = neutron
file = 4295 particle = neutron
file = 4296 particle = gamma
file = 4297 particle = neutron
file = 4298 particle = gamma
file = 4299 particle = gamma
file = 4300 particle = gamma
file = 4301 particle = gamma
file = 4302 particle = gamma
file = 4303 particle = neutron
file = 4304 particle = neutron
file = 4305 particle = neutron
file = 4306 particle = neutron
file = 4307 particle = gamma
file = 4308 particle = neutron
file = 4309 particle = neutron
file = 4310 particle = gamma
file = 4311 particle = neutron
file = 4312 particle = gamma
file = 4313 particle = neutron
file = 4314 particle = gamma
file = 4315 particle = gamma
file = 4316 particle = gamma
file = 4317 particle = gamma
file = 4318 particle = gamma
file = 4319 particle = gamma
file = 4320 particle = gamma
file = 4321 particle = neutron
file = 4322 particle = gamma
file = 4323 particle = neutron
file = 4324 particle = gamma
file = 4325 particle = gamma
file = 4326 particle = gamma
file = 4327 particle = gamma
file = 4328 particle = neutron
file = 4329 particle = gamma
file = 4330 particle = gamma
file = 4331 particle = gamma
file = 4332 particle = gamma
file = 4333 particle = gamma
file = 4334 particle = gamma
file = 4335 particle = gamma
file = 4336 particle = gamma
file = 4337 particle = neutron
file = 4338 particle = neutron
file = 4339 particle = gamma
file = 4340 particle = neutron
file = 4341 particle = gamma
file = 4342 particle = gamma
file = 4343 particle = gamma
file = 4344 particle = gamma
file = 4345 particle = neutron
file = 4346 particle = gamma
file = 4347 particle = gamma
file = 4348 particle = gamma
file = 4349 particle = gamma
file = 4350 particle = neutron
file = 4351 particle = gamma
file = 4352 particle = neutron
file = 4353 particle = gamma
file = 4354 particle = gamma
file = 4355 particle = gamma
file = 4356 particle = gamma
file = 4357 particle = neutron
file = 4358 particle = gamma
file = 4359 particle = gamma
file = 4360 particle = gamma
file = 4361 particle = gamma
file = 4362 particle = gamma
file = 4363 particle = gamma
file = 4364 particle = gamma
file = 4365 particle = gamma
file = 4366 particle = gamma
file = 4367 particle = gamma
file = 4368 particle = gamma
file = 4369 particle = gamma
file = 4370 particle = gamma
file = 4371 particle = gamma
file = 4372 particle = gamma
file = 4373 particle = gamma
file = 4374 particle = gamma
file = 4375 particle = neutron
file = 4376 particle = gamma
file = 4377 particle = gamma
file = 4378 particle = gamma
file = 4379 particle = neutron
file = 4380 particle = gamma
file = 4381 particle = gamma
file = 4382 particle = gamma
file = 4383 particle = gamma
file = 4384 particle = gamma
file = 4385 particle = gamma
file = 4386 particle = gamma
file = 4387 particle = gamma
file = 4388 particle = gamma
file = 4389 particle = gamma
file = 4390 particle = gamma
file = 4391 particle = neutron
file = 4392 particle = gamma
file = 4393 particle = gamma
file = 4394 particle = gamma
file = 4395 particle = gamma
file = 4396 particle = gamma
file = 4397 particle = gamma
file = 4398 particle = gamma
file = 4399 particle = gamma
file = 4400 particle = gamma
file = 4401 particle = neutron
file = 4402 particle = neutron
file = 4403 particle = gamma
file = 4404 particle = neutron
file = 4405 particle = gamma
file = 4406 particle = gamma
file = 4407 particle = gamma
file = 4408 particle = gamma
file = 4409 particle = gamma
file = 4410 particle = gamma
file = 4411 particle = gamma
file = 4412 particle = gamma
file = 4413 particle = gamma
file = 4414 particle = gamma
file = 4415 particle = gamma
file = 4416 particle = gamma
file = 4417 particle = neutron
file = 4418 particle = gamma
file = 4419 particle = gamma
file = 4420 particle = gamma
file = 4421 particle = gamma
file = 4422 particle = gamma
file = 4423 particle = neutron
file = 4424 particle = gamma
file = 4425 particle = gamma
file = 4426 particle = gamma
file = 4427 particle = gamma
file = 4428 particle = gamma
file = 4429 particle = gamma
file = 4430 particle = gamma
file = 4431 particle = gamma
file = 4432 particle = gamma
file = 4433 particle = neutron
file = 4434 particle = gamma
file = 4435 particle = neutron
file = 4436 particle = neutron
file = 4437 particle = gamma
file = 4438 particle = gamma
file = 4439 particle = gamma
file = 4440 particle = gamma
file = 4441 particle = gamma
file = 4442 particle = gamma
file = 4443 particle = neutron
file = 4444 particle = gamma
file = 4445 particle = gamma
file = 4446 particle = gamma
file = 4447 particle = gamma
file = 4448 particle = gamma
file = 4449 particle = gamma
file = 4450 particle = gamma
file = 4451 particle = gamma
file = 4452 particle = gamma
file = 4453 particle = neutron
file = 4454 particle = gamma
file = 4455 particle = gamma
file = 4456 particle = gamma
file = 4457 particle = neutron
file = 4458 particle = gamma
file = 4459 particle = gamma
file = 4460 particle = neutron
file = 4461 particle = gamma
file = 4462 particle = gamma
file = 4463 particle = gamma
file = 4464 particle = gamma
file = 4465 particle = gamma
file = 4466 particle = gamma
file = 4467 particle = gamma
file = 4468 particle = gamma
file = 4469 particle = gamma
file = 4470 particle = gamma
file = 4471 particle = neutron
file = 4472 particle = neutron
file = 4473 particle = gamma
file = 4474 particle = gamma
file = 4475 particle = gamma
file = 4476 particle = neutron
file = 4477 particle = gamma
file = 4478 particle = gamma
file = 4479 particle = neutron
file = 4480 particle = gamma
file = 4481 particle = gamma
file = 4482 particle = gamma
file = 4483 particle = gamma
file = 4484 particle = gamma
file = 4485 particle = gamma
file = 4486 particle = gamma
file = 4487 particle = gamma
file = 4488 particle = gamma
file = 4489 particle = gamma
file = 4490 particle = neutron
file = 4491 particle = gamma
file = 4492 particle = gamma
file = 4493 particle = neutron
file = 4494 particle = gamma
file = 4495 particle = neutron
file = 4496 particle = gamma
file = 4497 particle = gamma
file = 4498 particle = gamma
file = 4499 particle = gamma
file = 4500 particle = gamma
file = 4501 particle = gamma
file = 4502 particle = gamma
file = 4503 particle = gamma
file = 4504 particle = gamma
file = 4505 particle = gamma
file = 4506 particle = gamma
file = 4507 particle = gamma
file = 4508 particle = gamma
file = 4509 particle = neutron
file = 4510 particle = gamma
file = 4511 particle = gamma
file = 4512 particle = gamma
file = 4513 particle = neutron
file = 4514 particle = gamma
file = 4515 particle = gamma
file = 4516 particle = gamma
file = 4517 particle = gamma
file = 4518 particle = gamma
file = 4519 particle = gamma
file = 4520 particle = gamma
file = 4521 particle = gamma
file = 4522 particle = gamma
file = 4523 particle = neutron
file = 4524 particle = gamma
file = 4525 particle = gamma
file = 4526 particle = gamma
file = 4527 particle = gamma
file = 4528 particle = gamma
file = 4529 particle = gamma
file = 4530 particle = gamma
file = 4531 particle = gamma
file = 4532 particle = gamma
file = 4533 particle = gamma
file = 4534 particle = gamma
file = 4535 particle = gamma
file = 4536 particle = gamma
file = 4537 particle = gamma
file = 4538 particle = gamma
file = 4539 particle = gamma
file = 4540 particle = gamma
file = 4541 particle = gamma
file = 4542 particle = neutron
file = 4543 particle = gamma
file = 4544 particle = neutron
file = 4545 particle = gamma
file = 4546 particle = gamma
file = 4547 particle = neutron
file = 4548 particle = neutron
file = 4549 particle = gamma
file = 4550 particle = neutron
file = 4551 particle = gamma
file = 4552 particle = neutron
file = 4553 particle = gamma
file = 4554 particle = gamma
file = 4555 particle = gamma
file = 4556 particle = gamma
file = 4557 particle = gamma
file = 4558 particle = gamma
file = 4559 particle = gamma
file = 4560 particle = neutron
file = 4561 particle = gamma
file = 4562 particle = gamma
file = 4563 particle = gamma
file = 4564 particle = gamma
file = 4565 particle = gamma
file = 4566 particle = neutron
file = 4567 particle = gamma
file = 4568 particle = neutron
file = 4569 particle = gamma
file = 4570 particle = neutron
file = 4571 particle = gamma
file = 4572 particle = gamma
file = 4573 particle = gamma
file = 4574 particle = gamma
file = 4575 particle = gamma
file = 4576 particle = gamma
file = 4577 particle = gamma
file = 4578 particle = gamma
file = 4579 particle = gamma
file = 4580 particle = neutron
file = 4581 particle = gamma
file = 4582 particle = gamma
file = 4583 particle = gamma
file = 4584 particle = gamma
file = 4585 particle = gamma
file = 4586 particle = gamma
file = 4587 particle = gamma
file = 4588 particle = gamma
file = 4589 particle = gamma
file = 4590 particle = gamma
file = 4591 particle = gamma
file = 4592 particle = gamma
file = 4593 particle = gamma
file = 4594 particle = gamma
file = 4595 particle = gamma
file = 4596 particle = gamma
file = 4597 particle = gamma
file = 4598 particle = gamma
file = 4599 particle = gamma
file = 4600 particle = gamma
file = 4601 particle = gamma
file = 4602 particle = gamma
file = 4603 particle = gamma
file = 4604 particle = neutron
file = 4605 particle = gamma
file = 4606 particle = gamma
file = 4607 particle = gamma
file = 4608 particle = gamma
file = 4609 particle = gamma
file = 4610 particle = gamma
file = 4611 particle = gamma
file = 4612 particle = gamma
file = 4613 particle = gamma
file = 4614 particle = neutron
file = 4615 particle = gamma
file = 4616 particle = gamma
file = 4617 particle = gamma
file = 4618 particle = gamma
file = 4619 particle = gamma
file = 4620 particle = gamma
file = 4621 particle = gamma
file = 4622 particle = gamma
file = 4623 particle = gamma
file = 4624 particle = gamma
file = 4625 particle = gamma
file = 4626 particle = neutron
file = 4627 particle = gamma
file = 4628 particle = neutron
file = 4629 particle = gamma
file = 4630 particle = gamma
file = 4631 particle = gamma
file = 4632 particle = gamma
file = 4633 particle = gamma
file = 4634 particle = gamma
file = 4635 particle = gamma
file = 4636 particle = gamma
file = 4637 particle = gamma
file = 4638 particle = neutron
file = 4639 particle = gamma
file = 4640 particle = gamma
file = 4641 particle = gamma
file = 4642 particle = gamma
file = 4643 particle = gamma
file = 4644 particle = gamma
file = 4645 particle = gamma
file = 4646 particle = gamma
file = 4647 particle = gamma
file = 4648 particle = gamma
file = 4649 particle = gamma
file = 4650 particle = gamma
file = 4651 particle = gamma
file = 4652 particle = neutron
file = 4653 particle = gamma
file = 4654 particle = neutron
file = 4655 particle = gamma
file = 4656 particle = gamma
file = 4657 particle = gamma
file = 4658 particle = gamma
file = 4659 particle = gamma
file = 4660 particle = gamma
file = 4661 particle = gamma
file = 4662 particle = gamma
file = 4663 particle = gamma
file = 4664 particle = gamma
file = 4665 particle = gamma
file = 4666 particle = gamma
file = 4667 particle = gamma
file = 4668 particle = gamma
file = 4669 particle = gamma
file = 4670 particle = gamma
file = 4671 particle = neutron
file = 4672 particle = neutron
file = 4673 particle = gamma
file = 4674 particle = gamma
file = 4675 particle = neutron
file = 4676 particle = gamma
file = 4677 particle = gamma
file = 4678 particle = gamma
file = 4679 particle = gamma
file = 4680 particle = gamma
file = 4681 particle = gamma
file = 4682 particle = gamma
file = 4683 particle = gamma
file = 4684 particle = neutron
file = 4685 particle = gamma
file = 4686 particle = gamma
file = 4687 particle = neutron
file = 4688 particle = neutron
file = 4689 particle = gamma
file = 4690 particle = gamma
file = 4691 particle = gamma
file = 4692 particle = gamma
file = 4693 particle = gamma
file = 4694 particle = gamma
file = 4695 particle = gamma
file = 4696 particle = neutron
file = 4697 particle = gamma
file = 4698 particle = gamma
file = 4699 particle = gamma
file = 4700 particle = gamma
file = 4701 particle = gamma
file = 4702 particle = gamma
file = 4703 particle = gamma
file = 4704 particle = gamma
file = 4705 particle = gamma
file = 4706 particle = gamma
file = 4707 particle = gamma
file = 4708 particle = gamma
file = 4709 particle = gamma
file = 4710 particle = gamma
file = 4711 particle = gamma
file = 4712 particle = gamma
file = 4713 particle = gamma
file = 4714 particle = neutron
file = 4715 particle = gamma
file = 4716 particle = gamma
file = 4717 particle = neutron
file = 4718 particle = gamma
file = 4719 particle = gamma
file = 4720 particle = neutron
file = 4721 particle = gamma
file = 4722 particle = gamma
file = 4723 particle = gamma
file = 4724 particle = gamma
file = 4725 particle = gamma
file = 4726 particle = gamma
file = 4727 particle = gamma
file = 4728 particle = gamma
file = 4729 particle = gamma
file = 4730 particle = gamma
file = 4731 particle = gamma
file = 4732 particle = gamma
file = 4733 particle = gamma
file = 4734 particle = neutron
file = 4735 particle = gamma
file = 4736 particle = gamma
file = 4737 particle = gamma
file = 4738 particle = neutron
file = 4739 particle = neutron
file = 4740 particle = gamma
file = 4741 particle = gamma
file = 4742 particle = gamma
file = 4743 particle = gamma
file = 4744 particle = gamma
file = 4745 particle = gamma
file = 4746 particle = neutron
file = 4747 particle = neutron
file = 4748 particle = gamma
file = 4749 particle = neutron
file = 4750 particle = gamma
file = 4751 particle = gamma
file = 4752 particle = gamma
file = 4753 particle = neutron
file = 4754 particle = gamma
file = 4755 particle = gamma
file = 4756 particle = gamma
file = 4757 particle = gamma
file = 4758 particle = gamma
file = 4759 particle = gamma
file = 4760 particle = gamma
file = 4761 particle = gamma
file = 4762 particle = gamma
file = 4763 particle = gamma
file = 4764 particle = gamma
file = 4765 particle = gamma
file = 4766 particle = gamma
file = 4767 particle = gamma
file = 4768 particle = gamma
file = 4769 particle = gamma
file = 4770 particle = gamma
file = 4771 particle = gamma
file = 4772 particle = neutron
file = 4773 particle = gamma
file = 4774 particle = gamma
file = 4775 particle = gamma
file = 4776 particle = gamma
file = 4777 particle = gamma
file = 4778 particle = gamma
file = 4779 particle = gamma
file = 4780 particle = gamma
file = 4781 particle = gamma
file = 4782 particle = gamma
file = 4783 particle = gamma
file = 4784 particle = gamma
file = 4785 particle = gamma
file = 4786 particle = neutron
file = 4787 particle = gamma
file = 4788 particle = gamma
file = 4789 particle = gamma
file = 4790 particle = gamma
file = 4791 particle = gamma
file = 4792 particle = gamma
file = 4793 particle = neutron
file = 4794 particle = neutron
file = 4795 particle = gamma
file = 4796 particle = gamma
file = 4797 particle = gamma
file = 4798 particle = gamma
file = 4799 particle = neutron
file = 4800 particle = gamma
file = 4801 particle = gamma
file = 4802 particle = gamma
file = 4803 particle = neutron
file = 4804 particle = gamma
file = 4805 particle = gamma
file = 4806 particle = gamma
file = 4807 particle = neutron
file = 4808 particle = gamma
file = 4809 particle = gamma
file = 4810 particle = gamma
file = 4811 particle = gamma
file = 4812 particle = neutron
file = 4813 particle = neutron
file = 4814 particle = gamma
file = 4815 particle = gamma
file = 4816 particle = neutron
file = 4817 particle = gamma
file = 4818 particle = gamma
file = 4819 particle = gamma
file = 4820 particle = gamma
file = 4821 particle = gamma
file = 4822 particle = gamma
file = 4823 particle = gamma
file = 4824 particle = gamma
file = 4825 particle = gamma
file = 4826 particle = gamma
file = 4827 particle = gamma
file = 4828 particle = gamma
file = 4829 particle = neutron
file = 4830 particle = gamma
file = 4831 particle = gamma
file = 4832 particle = gamma
file = 4833 particle = gamma
file = 4834 particle = gamma
file = 4835 particle = gamma
file = 4836 particle = gamma
file = 4837 particle = gamma
file = 4838 particle = gamma
file = 4839 particle = gamma
file = 4840 particle = gamma
file = 4841 particle = gamma
file = 4842 particle = gamma
file = 4843 particle = neutron
file = 4844 particle = gamma
file = 4845 particle = gamma
file = 4846 particle = gamma
file = 4847 particle = neutron
file = 4848 particle = gamma
file = 4849 particle = neutron
file = 4850 particle = neutron
file = 4851 particle = gamma
file = 4852 particle = gamma
file = 4853 particle = gamma
file = 4854 particle = gamma
file = 4855 particle = gamma
file = 4856 particle = neutron
file = 4857 particle = gamma
file = 4858 particle = gamma
file = 4859 particle = gamma
file = 4860 particle = gamma
file = 4861 particle = gamma
file = 4862 particle = gamma
file = 4863 particle = neutron
file = 4864 particle = gamma
file = 4865 particle = gamma
file = 4866 particle = gamma
file = 4867 particle = gamma
file = 4868 particle = gamma
file = 4869 particle = gamma
file = 4870 particle = gamma
file = 4871 particle = gamma
file = 4872 particle = gamma
file = 4873 particle = gamma
file = 4874 particle = gamma
file = 4875 particle = neutron
file = 4876 particle = gamma
file = 4877 particle = gamma
file = 4878 particle = gamma
file = 4879 particle = neutron
file = 4880 particle = gamma
file = 4881 particle = neutron
file = 4882 particle = gamma
file = 4883 particle = gamma
file = 4884 particle = gamma
file = 4885 particle = gamma
file = 4886 particle = gamma
file = 4887 particle = gamma
file = 4888 particle = gamma
file = 4889 particle = gamma
file = 4890 particle = gamma
file = 4891 particle = neutron
file = 4892 particle = gamma
file = 4893 particle = gamma
file = 4894 particle = gamma
file = 4895 particle = gamma
file = 4896 particle = gamma
file = 4897 particle = gamma
file = 4898 particle = gamma
file = 4899 particle = neutron
file = 4900 particle = gamma
file = 4901 particle = gamma
file = 4902 particle = gamma
file = 4903 particle = gamma
file = 4904 particle = gamma
file = 4905 particle = gamma
file = 4906 particle = gamma
file = 4907 particle = gamma
file = 4908 particle = gamma
file = 4909 particle = gamma
file = 4910 particle = gamma
file = 4911 particle = gamma
file = 4912 particle = gamma
file = 4913 particle = gamma
file = 4914 particle = gamma
file = 4915 particle = neutron
file = 4916 particle = gamma
file = 4917 particle = gamma
file = 4918 particle = gamma
file = 4919 particle = neutron
file = 4920 particle = gamma
file = 4921 particle = gamma
file = 4922 particle = gamma
file = 4923 particle = gamma
file = 4924 particle = gamma
file = 4925 particle = gamma
file = 4926 particle = gamma
file = 4927 particle = neutron
file = 4928 particle = gamma
file = 4929 particle = gamma
file = 4930 particle = gamma
file = 4931 particle = gamma
file = 4932 particle = gamma
file = 4933 particle = neutron
file = 4934 particle = gamma
file = 4935 particle = neutron
file = 4936 particle = gamma
file = 4937 particle = gamma
file = 4938 particle = gamma
file = 4939 particle = gamma
file = 4940 particle = gamma
file = 4941 particle = gamma
file = 4942 particle = gamma
file = 4943 particle = neutron
file = 4944 particle = gamma
file = 4945 particle = gamma
file = 4946 particle = gamma
file = 4947 particle = gamma
file = 4948 particle = gamma
file = 4949 particle = gamma
file = 4950 particle = gamma
file = 4951 particle = gamma
file = 4952 particle = gamma
file = 4953 particle = gamma
file = 4954 particle = neutron
file = 4955 particle = gamma
file = 4956 particle = gamma
file = 4957 particle = gamma
file = 4958 particle = gamma
file = 4959 particle = neutron
file = 4960 particle = gamma
file = 4961 particle = gamma
file = 4962 particle = gamma
file = 4963 particle = gamma
file = 4964 particle = gamma
file = 4965 particle = gamma
file = 4966 particle = gamma
file = 4967 particle = gamma
file = 4968 particle = gamma
file = 4969 particle = gamma
file = 4970 particle = gamma
file = 4971 particle = gamma
file = 4972 particle = gamma
file = 4973 particle = gamma
file = 4974 particle = neutron
file = 4975 particle = neutron
file = 4976 particle = gamma
file = 4977 particle = neutron
file = 4978 particle = gamma
file = 4979 particle = neutron
file = 4980 particle = gamma
file = 4981 particle = gamma
file = 4982 particle = gamma
file = 4983 particle = gamma
file = 4984 particle = gamma
file = 4985 particle = gamma
file = 4986 particle = gamma
file = 4987 particle = neutron
file = 4988 particle = neutron
file = 4989 particle = gamma
file = 4990 particle = gamma
file = 4991 particle = gamma
file = 4992 particle = neutron
file = 4993 particle = neutron
file = 4994 particle = gamma
file = 4995 particle = gamma
file = 4996 particle = gamma
file = 4997 particle = neutron
file = 4998 particle = neutron
file = 4999 particle = neutron
file = 5000 particle = neutron
file = 5001 particle = neutron
file = 5002 particle = gamma
file = 5003 particle = gamma
file = 5004 particle = gamma
file = 5005 particle = gamma
file = 5006 particle = gamma
file = 5007 particle = gamma
file = 5008 particle = gamma
file = 5009 particle = neutron
file = 5010 particle = gamma
file = 5011 particle = gamma
file = 5012 particle = gamma
file = 5013 particle = gamma
file = 5014 particle = gamma
file = 5015 particle = gamma
file = 5016 particle = gamma
file = 5017 particle = gamma
file = 5018 particle = gamma
file = 5019 particle = neutron
file = 5020 particle = gamma
file = 5021 particle = gamma
file = 5022 particle = gamma
file = 5023 particle = gamma
file = 5024 particle = gamma
file = 5025 particle = gamma
file = 5026 particle = gamma
file = 5027 particle = gamma
file = 5028 particle = gamma
file = 5029 particle = gamma
file = 5030 particle = gamma
file = 5031 particle = gamma
file = 5032 particle = gamma
file = 5033 particle = neutron
file = 5034 particle = gamma
file = 5035 particle = gamma
file = 5036 particle = neutron
file = 5037 particle = gamma
file = 5038 particle = gamma
file = 5039 particle = gamma
file = 5040 particle = gamma
file = 5041 particle = gamma
file = 5042 particle = gamma
file = 5043 particle = gamma
file = 5044 particle = gamma
file = 5045 particle = gamma
file = 5046 particle = gamma
file = 5047 particle = neutron
file = 5048 particle = gamma
file = 5049 particle = gamma
file = 5050 particle = gamma
file = 5051 particle = gamma
file = 5052 particle = gamma
file = 5053 particle = gamma
file = 5054 particle = gamma
file = 5055 particle = gamma
file = 5056 particle = gamma
file = 5057 particle = neutron
file = 5058 particle = neutron
file = 5059 particle = gamma
file = 5060 particle = neutron
file = 5061 particle = neutron
file = 5062 particle = gamma
file = 5063 particle = gamma
file = 5064 particle = gamma
file = 5065 particle = gamma
file = 5066 particle = gamma
file = 5067 particle = gamma
file = 5068 particle = gamma
file = 5069 particle = gamma
file = 5070 particle = neutron
file = 5071 particle = gamma
file = 5072 particle = gamma
file = 5073 particle = gamma
file = 5074 particle = gamma
file = 5075 particle = gamma
file = 5076 particle = gamma
file = 5077 particle = gamma
file = 5078 particle = gamma
file = 5079 particle = gamma
file = 5080 particle = gamma
file = 5081 particle = gamma
file = 5082 particle = gamma
file = 5083 particle = gamma
file = 5084 particle = gamma
file = 5085 particle = neutron
file = 5086 particle = gamma
file = 5087 particle = gamma
file = 5088 particle = gamma
file = 5089 particle = gamma
file = 5090 particle = gamma
file = 5091 particle = neutron
file = 5092 particle = gamma
file = 5093 particle = gamma
file = 5094 particle = gamma
file = 5095 particle = gamma
file = 5096 particle = gamma
file = 5097 particle = gamma
file = 5098 particle = gamma
file = 5099 particle = gamma
file = 5100 particle = gamma
file = 5101 particle = neutron
file = 5102 particle = neutron
file = 5103 particle = gamma
file = 5104 particle = gamma
file = 5105 particle = gamma
file = 5106 particle = neutron
file = 5107 particle = gamma
file = 5108 particle = neutron
file = 5109 particle = gamma
file = 5110 particle = neutron
file = 5111 particle = gamma
file = 5112 particle = gamma
file = 5113 particle = gamma
file = 5114 particle = gamma
file = 5115 particle = gamma
file = 5116 particle = neutron
file = 5117 particle = neutron
file = 5118 particle = gamma
file = 5119 particle = gamma
file = 5120 particle = gamma
file = 5121 particle = neutron
file = 5122 particle = neutron
file = 5123 particle = neutron
file = 5124 particle = gamma
file = 5125 particle = gamma
file = 5126 particle = gamma
file = 5127 particle = gamma
file = 5128 particle = gamma
file = 5129 particle = gamma
file = 5130 particle = gamma
file = 5131 particle = gamma
file = 5132 particle = gamma
file = 5133 particle = gamma
file = 5134 particle = gamma
file = 5135 particle = gamma
file = 5136 particle = gamma
file = 5137 particle = neutron
file = 5138 particle = gamma
file = 5139 particle = neutron
file = 5140 particle = gamma
file = 5141 particle = gamma
file = 5142 particle = gamma
file = 5143 particle = gamma
file = 5144 particle = gamma
file = 5145 particle = neutron
file = 5146 particle = gamma
file = 5147 particle = neutron
file = 5148 particle = gamma
file = 5149 particle = gamma
file = 5150 particle = gamma
file = 5151 particle = gamma
file = 5152 particle = gamma
file = 5153 particle = gamma
file = 5154 particle = gamma
file = 5155 particle = gamma
file = 5156 particle = gamma
file = 5157 particle = gamma
file = 5158 particle = neutron
file = 5159 particle = gamma
file = 5160 particle = gamma
file = 5161 particle = gamma
file = 5162 particle = gamma
file = 5163 particle = neutron
file = 5164 particle = gamma
file = 5165 particle = gamma
file = 5166 particle = gamma
file = 5167 particle = gamma
file = 5168 particle = gamma
file = 5169 particle = neutron
file = 5170 particle = gamma
file = 5171 particle = gamma
file = 5172 particle = neutron
file = 5173 particle = gamma
file = 5174 particle = gamma
file = 5175 particle = gamma
file = 5176 particle = gamma
file = 5177 particle = neutron
file = 5178 particle = neutron
file = 5179 particle = gamma
file = 5180 particle = gamma
file = 5181 particle = gamma
file = 5182 particle = gamma
file = 5183 particle = gamma
file = 5184 particle = gamma
file = 5185 particle = neutron
file = 5186 particle = gamma
file = 5187 particle = gamma
file = 5188 particle = gamma
file = 5189 particle = gamma
file = 5190 particle = gamma
file = 5191 particle = neutron
file = 5192 particle = gamma
file = 5193 particle = gamma
file = 5194 particle = gamma
file = 5195 particle = gamma
file = 5196 particle = gamma
file = 5197 particle = gamma
file = 5198 particle = gamma
file = 5199 particle = gamma
file = 5200 particle = neutron
file = 5201 particle = gamma
file = 5202 particle = gamma
file = 5203 particle = gamma
file = 5204 particle = gamma
file = 5205 particle = gamma
file = 5206 particle = gamma
file = 5207 particle = gamma
file = 5208 particle = gamma
file = 5209 particle = gamma
file = 5210 particle = gamma
file = 5211 particle = neutron
file = 5212 particle = gamma
file = 5213 particle = gamma
file = 5214 particle = neutron
file = 5215 particle = neutron
file = 5216 particle = neutron
file = 5217 particle = gamma
file = 5218 particle = gamma
file = 5219 particle = neutron
file = 5220 particle = gamma
file = 5221 particle = gamma
file = 5222 particle = gamma
file = 5223 particle = gamma
file = 5224 particle = gamma
file = 5225 particle = gamma
file = 5226 particle = neutron
file = 5227 particle = neutron
file = 5228 particle = gamma
file = 5229 particle = neutron
file = 5230 particle = gamma
file = 5231 particle = gamma
file = 5232 particle = gamma
file = 5233 particle = gamma
file = 5234 particle = gamma
file = 5235 particle = gamma
file = 5236 particle = gamma
file = 5237 particle = gamma
file = 5238 particle = gamma
file = 5239 particle = gamma
file = 5240 particle = gamma
file = 5241 particle = neutron
file = 5242 particle = gamma
file = 5243 particle = gamma
file = 5244 particle = gamma
file = 5245 particle = gamma
file = 5246 particle = neutron
file = 5247 particle = neutron
file = 5248 particle = gamma
file = 5249 particle = gamma
file = 5250 particle = gamma
file = 5251 particle = gamma
file = 5252 particle = gamma
file = 5253 particle = gamma
file = 5254 particle = neutron
file = 5255 particle = gamma
file = 5256 particle = gamma
file = 5257 particle = neutron
file = 5258 particle = gamma
file = 5259 particle = gamma
file = 5260 particle = gamma
file = 5261 particle = gamma
file = 5262 particle = gamma
file = 5263 particle = neutron
file = 5264 particle = neutron
file = 5265 particle = neutron
file = 5266 particle = gamma
file = 5267 particle = gamma
file = 5268 particle = gamma
file = 5269 particle = gamma
file = 5270 particle = gamma
file = 5271 particle = gamma
file = 5272 particle = gamma
file = 5273 particle = gamma
file = 5274 particle = gamma
file = 5275 particle = gamma
file = 5276 particle = gamma
file = 5277 particle = gamma
file = 5278 particle = gamma
file = 5279 particle = gamma
file = 5280 particle = gamma
file = 5281 particle = gamma
file = 5282 particle = gamma
file = 5283 particle = gamma
file = 5284 particle = gamma
file = 5285 particle = gamma
file = 5286 particle = gamma
file = 5287 particle = gamma
file = 5288 particle = neutron
file = 5289 particle = gamma
file = 5290 particle = gamma
file = 5291 particle = gamma
file = 5292 particle = gamma
file = 5293 particle = gamma
file = 5294 particle = gamma
file = 5295 particle = gamma
file = 5296 particle = gamma
file = 5297 particle = neutron
file = 5298 particle = neutron
file = 5299 particle = gamma
file = 5300 particle = gamma
file = 5301 particle = gamma
file = 5302 particle = gamma
file = 5303 particle = gamma
file = 5304 particle = gamma
file = 5305 particle = gamma
file = 5306 particle = gamma
file = 5307 particle = gamma
file = 5308 particle = gamma
file = 5309 particle = gamma
file = 5310 particle = gamma
file = 5311 particle = gamma
file = 5312 particle = gamma
file = 5313 particle = gamma
file = 5314 particle = gamma
file = 5315 particle = gamma
file = 5316 particle = gamma
file = 5317 particle = neutron
file = 5318 particle = gamma
file = 5319 particle = gamma
file = 5320 particle = gamma
file = 5321 particle = gamma
file = 5322 particle = gamma
file = 5323 particle = neutron
file = 5324 particle = gamma
file = 5325 particle = gamma
file = 5326 particle = gamma
file = 5327 particle = gamma
file = 5328 particle = neutron
file = 5329 particle = gamma
file = 5330 particle = neutron
file = 5331 particle = gamma
file = 5332 particle = gamma
file = 5333 particle = gamma
file = 5334 particle = gamma
file = 5335 particle = neutron
file = 5336 particle = gamma
file = 5337 particle = gamma
file = 5338 particle = gamma
file = 5339 particle = gamma
file = 5340 particle = gamma
file = 5341 particle = gamma
file = 5342 particle = gamma
file = 5343 particle = gamma
file = 5344 particle = gamma
file = 5345 particle = gamma
file = 5346 particle = gamma
file = 5347 particle = neutron
file = 5348 particle = gamma
file = 5349 particle = gamma
file = 5350 particle = gamma
file = 5351 particle = gamma
file = 5352 particle = gamma
file = 5353 particle = gamma
file = 5354 particle = gamma
file = 5355 particle = gamma
file = 5356 particle = neutron
file = 5357 particle = neutron
file = 5358 particle = gamma
file = 5359 particle = gamma
file = 5360 particle = gamma
file = 5361 particle = gamma
file = 5362 particle = neutron
file = 5363 particle = gamma
file = 5364 particle = gamma
file = 5365 particle = gamma
file = 5366 particle = gamma
file = 5367 particle = gamma
file = 5368 particle = gamma
file = 5369 particle = gamma
file = 5370 particle = gamma
file = 5371 particle = gamma
file = 5372 particle = neutron
file = 5373 particle = neutron
file = 5374 particle = gamma
file = 5375 particle = gamma
file = 5376 particle = gamma
file = 5377 particle = gamma
file = 5378 particle = gamma
file = 5379 particle = gamma
file = 5380 particle = gamma
file = 5381 particle = gamma
file = 5382 particle = gamma
file = 5383 particle = gamma
file = 5384 particle = neutron
file = 5385 particle = gamma
file = 5386 particle = gamma
file = 5387 particle = gamma
file = 5388 particle = gamma
file = 5389 particle = gamma
file = 5390 particle = gamma
file = 5391 particle = gamma
file = 5392 particle = gamma
file = 5393 particle = gamma
file = 5394 particle = gamma
file = 5395 particle = gamma
file = 5396 particle = gamma
file = 5397 particle = gamma
file = 5398 particle = gamma
file = 5399 particle = gamma
file = 5400 particle = gamma
file = 5401 particle = gamma
file = 5402 particle = gamma
file = 5403 particle = gamma
file = 5404 particle = gamma
file = 5405 particle = neutron
file = 5406 particle = neutron
file = 5407 particle = gamma
file = 5408 particle = gamma
file = 5409 particle = gamma
file = 5410 particle = gamma
file = 5411 particle = gamma
file = 5412 particle = gamma
file = 5413 particle = gamma
file = 5414 particle = gamma
file = 5415 particle = gamma
file = 5416 particle = gamma
file = 5417 particle = gamma
file = 5418 particle = gamma
file = 5419 particle = gamma
file = 5420 particle = gamma
file = 5421 particle = gamma
file = 5422 particle = neutron
file = 5423 particle = gamma
file = 5424 particle = gamma
file = 5425 particle = neutron
file = 5426 particle = gamma
file = 5427 particle = gamma
file = 5428 particle = gamma
file = 5429 particle = gamma
file = 5430 particle = gamma
file = 5431 particle = gamma
file = 5432 particle = gamma
file = 5433 particle = gamma
file = 5434 particle = gamma
file = 5435 particle = gamma
file = 5436 particle = gamma
file = 5437 particle = gamma
file = 5438 particle = gamma
file = 5439 particle = gamma
file = 5440 particle = neutron
file = 5441 particle = gamma
file = 5442 particle = gamma
file = 5443 particle = gamma
file = 5444 particle = gamma
file = 5445 particle = gamma
file = 5446 particle = gamma
file = 5447 particle = gamma
file = 5448 particle = gamma
file = 5449 particle = gamma
file = 5450 particle = gamma
file = 5451 particle = gamma
file = 5452 particle = gamma
file = 5453 particle = gamma
file = 5454 particle = gamma
file = 5455 particle = gamma
file = 5456 particle = neutron
file = 5457 particle = neutron
file = 5458 particle = gamma
file = 5459 particle = gamma
file = 5460 particle = gamma
file = 5461 particle = gamma
file = 5462 particle = neutron
file = 5463 particle = gamma
file = 5464 particle = gamma
file = 5465 particle = neutron
file = 5466 particle = gamma
file = 5467 particle = gamma
file = 5468 particle = gamma
file = 5469 particle = gamma
file = 5470 particle = gamma
file = 5471 particle = gamma
file = 5472 particle = gamma
file = 5473 particle = neutron
file = 5474 particle = gamma
file = 5475 particle = gamma
file = 5476 particle = neutron
file = 5477 particle = gamma
file = 5478 particle = gamma
file = 5479 particle = gamma
file = 5480 particle = gamma
file = 5481 particle = gamma
file = 5482 particle = gamma
file = 5483 particle = gamma
file = 5484 particle = neutron
file = 5485 particle = neutron
file = 5486 particle = neutron
file = 5487 particle = gamma
file = 5488 particle = gamma
file = 5489 particle = gamma
file = 5490 particle = gamma
file = 5491 particle = gamma
file = 5492 particle = neutron
file = 5493 particle = gamma
file = 5494 particle = gamma
file = 5495 particle = gamma
file = 5496 particle = gamma
file = 5497 particle = gamma
file = 5498 particle = gamma
file = 5499 particle = gamma
file = 5500 particle = gamma
file = 5501 particle = gamma
file = 5502 particle = gamma
file = 5503 particle = gamma
file = 5504 particle = gamma
file = 5505 particle = gamma
file = 5506 particle = gamma
file = 5507 particle = neutron
file = 5508 particle = gamma
file = 5509 particle = gamma
file = 5510 particle = gamma
file = 5511 particle = gamma
file = 5512 particle = gamma
file = 5513 particle = gamma
file = 5514 particle = gamma
file = 5515 particle = gamma
file = 5516 particle = gamma
file = 5517 particle = gamma
file = 5518 particle = gamma
file = 5519 particle = gamma
file = 5520 particle = gamma
file = 5521 particle = gamma
file = 5522 particle = gamma
file = 5523 particle = gamma
file = 5524 particle = neutron
file = 5525 particle = gamma
file = 5526 particle = gamma
file = 5527 particle = gamma
file = 5528 particle = gamma
file = 5529 particle = neutron
file = 5530 particle = neutron
file = 5531 particle = gamma
file = 5532 particle = gamma
file = 5533 particle = gamma
file = 5534 particle = gamma
file = 5535 particle = gamma
file = 5536 particle = gamma
file = 5537 particle = gamma
file = 5538 particle = gamma
file = 5539 particle = gamma
file = 5540 particle = gamma
file = 5541 particle = neutron
file = 5542 particle = gamma
file = 5543 particle = gamma
file = 5544 particle = gamma
file = 5545 particle = neutron
file = 5546 particle = gamma
file = 5547 particle = gamma
file = 5548 particle = gamma
file = 5549 particle = gamma
file = 5550 particle = gamma
file = 5551 particle = gamma
file = 5552 particle = gamma
file = 5553 particle = gamma
file = 5554 particle = gamma
file = 5555 particle = gamma
file = 5556 particle = neutron
file = 5557 particle = neutron
file = 5558 particle = gamma
file = 5559 particle = gamma
file = 5560 particle = gamma
file = 5561 particle = gamma
file = 5562 particle = gamma
file = 5563 particle = gamma
file = 5564 particle = gamma
file = 5565 particle = gamma
file = 5566 particle = gamma
file = 5567 particle = neutron
file = 5568 particle = gamma
file = 5569 particle = gamma
file = 5570 particle = gamma
file = 5571 particle = gamma
file = 5572 particle = gamma
file = 5573 particle = gamma
file = 5574 particle = gamma
file = 5575 particle = gamma
file = 5576 particle = gamma
file = 5577 particle = neutron
file = 5578 particle = gamma
file = 5579 particle = neutron
file = 5580 particle = gamma
file = 5581 particle = gamma
file = 5582 particle = gamma
file = 5583 particle = gamma
file = 5584 particle = gamma
file = 5585 particle = gamma
file = 5586 particle = neutron
file = 5587 particle = gamma
file = 5588 particle = gamma
file = 5589 particle = gamma
file = 5590 particle = neutron
file = 5591 particle = gamma
file = 5592 particle = neutron
file = 5593 particle = gamma
file = 5594 particle = gamma
file = 5595 particle = gamma
file = 5596 particle = gamma
file = 5597 particle = gamma
file = 5598 particle = gamma
file = 5599 particle = gamma
file = 5600 particle = gamma
file = 5601 particle = gamma
file = 5602 particle = gamma
file = 5603 particle = gamma
file = 5604 particle = gamma
file = 5605 particle = gamma
file = 5606 particle = neutron
file = 5607 particle = gamma
file = 5608 particle = gamma
file = 5609 particle = gamma
file = 5610 particle = gamma
file = 5611 particle = gamma
file = 5612 particle = gamma
file = 5613 particle = gamma
file = 5614 particle = gamma
file = 5615 particle = gamma
file = 5616 particle = neutron
file = 5617 particle = neutron
file = 5618 particle = neutron
file = 5619 particle = neutron
file = 5620 particle = gamma
file = 5621 particle = gamma
file = 5622 particle = gamma
file = 5623 particle = gamma
file = 5624 particle = gamma
file = 5625 particle = neutron
file = 5626 particle = gamma
file = 5627 particle = gamma
file = 5628 particle = gamma
file = 5629 particle = gamma
file = 5630 particle = gamma
file = 5631 particle = gamma
file = 5632 particle = neutron
file = 5633 particle = gamma
file = 5634 particle = gamma
file = 5635 particle = gamma
file = 5636 particle = gamma
file = 5637 particle = gamma
file = 5638 particle = gamma
file = 5639 particle = gamma
file = 5640 particle = neutron
file = 5641 particle = gamma
file = 5642 particle = gamma
file = 5643 particle = neutron
file = 5644 particle = neutron
file = 5645 particle = gamma
file = 5646 particle = gamma
file = 5647 particle = gamma
file = 5648 particle = neutron
file = 5649 particle = gamma
file = 5650 particle = gamma
file = 5651 particle = gamma
file = 5652 particle = gamma
file = 5653 particle = gamma
file = 5654 particle = gamma
file = 5655 particle = gamma
file = 5656 particle = gamma
file = 5657 particle = gamma
file = 5658 particle = gamma
file = 5659 particle = neutron
file = 5660 particle = gamma
file = 5661 particle = gamma
file = 5662 particle = gamma
file = 5663 particle = gamma
file = 5664 particle = gamma
file = 5665 particle = gamma
file = 5666 particle = gamma
file = 5667 particle = gamma
file = 5668 particle = gamma
file = 5669 particle = gamma
file = 5670 particle = gamma
file = 5671 particle = gamma
file = 5672 particle = gamma
file = 5673 particle = gamma
file = 5674 particle = gamma
file = 5675 particle = neutron
file = 5676 particle = gamma
file = 5677 particle = gamma
file = 5678 particle = gamma
file = 5679 particle = gamma
file = 5680 particle = gamma
file = 5681 particle = gamma
file = 5682 particle = neutron
file = 5683 particle = gamma
file = 5684 particle = gamma
file = 5685 particle = neutron
file = 5686 particle = gamma
file = 5687 particle = neutron
file = 5688 particle = gamma
file = 5689 particle = gamma
file = 5690 particle = gamma
file = 5691 particle = gamma
file = 5692 particle = gamma
file = 5693 particle = gamma
file = 5694 particle = gamma
file = 5695 particle = gamma
file = 5696 particle = gamma
file = 5697 particle = gamma
file = 5698 particle = gamma
file = 5699 particle = gamma
file = 5700 particle = gamma
file = 5701 particle = gamma
file = 5702 particle = neutron
file = 5703 particle = gamma
file = 5704 particle = neutron
file = 5705 particle = gamma
file = 5706 particle = gamma
file = 5707 particle = gamma
file = 5708 particle = gamma
file = 5709 particle = gamma
file = 5710 particle = gamma
file = 5711 particle = gamma
file = 5712 particle = gamma
file = 5713 particle = gamma
file = 5714 particle = gamma
file = 5715 particle = gamma
file = 5716 particle = neutron
file = 5717 particle = gamma
file = 5718 particle = gamma
file = 5719 particle = gamma
file = 5720 particle = gamma
file = 5721 particle = gamma
file = 5722 particle = gamma
file = 5723 particle = gamma
file = 5724 particle = gamma
file = 5725 particle = gamma
file = 5726 particle = gamma
file = 5727 particle = gamma
file = 5728 particle = gamma
file = 5729 particle = gamma
file = 5730 particle = gamma
file = 5731 particle = neutron
file = 5732 particle = gamma
file = 5733 particle = gamma
file = 5734 particle = neutron
file = 5735 particle = gamma
file = 5736 particle = gamma
file = 5737 particle = gamma
file = 5738 particle = gamma
file = 5739 particle = gamma
file = 5740 particle = gamma
file = 5741 particle = gamma
file = 5742 particle = neutron
file = 5743 particle = gamma
file = 5744 particle = gamma
file = 5745 particle = gamma
file = 5746 particle = neutron
file = 5747 particle = neutron
file = 5748 particle = neutron
file = 5749 particle = gamma
file = 5750 particle = gamma
file = 5751 particle = gamma
file = 5752 particle = gamma
file = 5753 particle = gamma
file = 5754 particle = gamma
file = 5755 particle = gamma
file = 5756 particle = gamma
file = 5757 particle = gamma
file = 5758 particle = gamma
file = 5759 particle = gamma
file = 5760 particle = gamma
file = 5761 particle = gamma
file = 5762 particle = gamma
file = 5763 particle = gamma
file = 5764 particle = gamma
file = 5765 particle = gamma
file = 5766 particle = gamma
file = 5767 particle = gamma
file = 5768 particle = neutron
file = 5769 particle = gamma
file = 5770 particle = gamma
file = 5771 particle = gamma
file = 5772 particle = gamma
file = 5773 particle = neutron
file = 5774 particle = gamma
file = 5775 particle = neutron
file = 5776 particle = gamma
file = 5777 particle = gamma
file = 5778 particle = gamma
file = 5779 particle = gamma
file = 5780 particle = gamma
file = 5781 particle = neutron
file = 5782 particle = gamma
file = 5783 particle = gamma
file = 5784 particle = gamma
file = 5785 particle = gamma
file = 5786 particle = gamma
file = 5787 particle = gamma
file = 5788 particle = neutron
file = 5789 particle = gamma
file = 5790 particle = gamma
file = 5791 particle = gamma
file = 5792 particle = gamma
file = 5793 particle = neutron
file = 5794 particle = gamma
file = 5795 particle = gamma
file = 5796 particle = gamma
file = 5797 particle = gamma
file = 5798 particle = neutron
file = 5799 particle = gamma
file = 5800 particle = gamma
file = 5801 particle = neutron
file = 5802 particle = gamma
file = 5803 particle = gamma
file = 5804 particle = gamma
file = 5805 particle = gamma
file = 5806 particle = gamma
file = 5807 particle = gamma
file = 5808 particle = gamma
file = 5809 particle = gamma
file = 5810 particle = gamma
file = 5811 particle = gamma
file = 5812 particle = gamma
file = 5813 particle = gamma
file = 5814 particle = gamma
file = 5815 particle = gamma
file = 5816 particle = neutron
file = 5817 particle = gamma
file = 5818 particle = gamma
file = 5819 particle = gamma
file = 5820 particle = gamma
file = 5821 particle = gamma
file = 5822 particle = neutron
file = 5823 particle = gamma
file = 5824 particle = gamma
file = 5825 particle = gamma
file = 5826 particle = gamma
file = 5827 particle = gamma
file = 5828 particle = neutron
file = 5829 particle = gamma
file = 5830 particle = gamma
file = 5831 particle = neutron
file = 5832 particle = gamma
file = 5833 particle = gamma
file = 5834 particle = gamma
file = 5835 particle = gamma
file = 5836 particle = gamma
file = 5837 particle = gamma
file = 5838 particle = neutron
file = 5839 particle = gamma
file = 5840 particle = gamma
file = 5841 particle = gamma
file = 5842 particle = gamma
file = 5843 particle = gamma
file = 5844 particle = gamma
file = 5845 particle = gamma
file = 5846 particle = gamma
file = 5847 particle = gamma
file = 5848 particle = gamma
file = 5849 particle = gamma
file = 5850 particle = gamma
file = 5851 particle = neutron
file = 5852 particle = gamma
file = 5853 particle = gamma
file = 5854 particle = gamma
file = 5855 particle = gamma
file = 5856 particle = gamma
file = 5857 particle = gamma
file = 5858 particle = gamma
file = 5859 particle = gamma
file = 5860 particle = gamma
file = 5861 particle = gamma
file = 5862 particle = gamma
file = 5863 particle = gamma
file = 5864 particle = gamma
file = 5865 particle = gamma
file = 5866 particle = gamma
file = 5867 particle = gamma
file = 5868 particle = gamma
file = 5869 particle = gamma
file = 5870 particle = gamma
file = 5871 particle = gamma
file = 5872 particle = gamma
file = 5873 particle = gamma
file = 5874 particle = gamma
file = 5875 particle = neutron
file = 5876 particle = gamma
file = 5877 particle = gamma
file = 5878 particle = neutron
file = 5879 particle = gamma
file = 5880 particle = gamma
file = 5881 particle = gamma
file = 5882 particle = gamma
file = 5883 particle = gamma
file = 5884 particle = gamma
file = 5885 particle = gamma
file = 5886 particle = gamma
file = 5887 particle = gamma
file = 5888 particle = neutron
file = 5889 particle = gamma
file = 5890 particle = neutron
file = 5891 particle = neutron
file = 5892 particle = gamma
file = 5893 particle = gamma
file = 5894 particle = gamma
file = 5895 particle = gamma
file = 5896 particle = gamma
file = 5897 particle = gamma
file = 5898 particle = gamma
file = 5899 particle = gamma
file = 5900 particle = gamma
file = 5901 particle = gamma
file = 5902 particle = gamma
file = 5903 particle = neutron
file = 5904 particle = gamma
file = 5905 particle = gamma
file = 5906 particle = gamma
file = 5907 particle = gamma
file = 5908 particle = gamma
file = 5909 particle = gamma
file = 5910 particle = neutron
file = 5911 particle = gamma
file = 5912 particle = gamma
file = 5913 particle = gamma
file = 5914 particle = gamma
file = 5915 particle = gamma
file = 5916 particle = gamma
file = 5917 particle = gamma
file = 5918 particle = gamma
file = 5919 particle = gamma
file = 5920 particle = gamma
file = 5921 particle = gamma
file = 5922 particle = gamma
file = 5923 particle = gamma
file = 5924 particle = gamma
file = 5925 particle = gamma
file = 5926 particle = gamma
file = 5927 particle = gamma
file = 5928 particle = gamma
file = 5929 particle = gamma
file = 5930 particle = neutron
file = 5931 particle = gamma
file = 5932 particle = gamma
file = 5933 particle = gamma
file = 5934 particle = gamma
file = 5935 particle = gamma
file = 5936 particle = gamma
file = 5937 particle = gamma
file = 5938 particle = gamma
file = 5939 particle = gamma
file = 5940 particle = gamma
file = 5941 particle = gamma
file = 5942 particle = gamma
file = 5943 particle = neutron
file = 5944 particle = gamma
file = 5945 particle = gamma
file = 5946 particle = gamma
file = 5947 particle = gamma
file = 5948 particle = gamma
file = 5949 particle = gamma
file = 5950 particle = gamma
file = 5951 particle = gamma
file = 5952 particle = gamma
file = 5953 particle = neutron
file = 5954 particle = gamma
file = 5955 particle = neutron
file = 5956 particle = gamma
file = 5957 particle = gamma
file = 5958 particle = gamma
file = 5959 particle = gamma
file = 5960 particle = gamma
file = 5961 particle = gamma
file = 5962 particle = gamma
file = 5963 particle = gamma
file = 5964 particle = gamma
file = 5965 particle = gamma
file = 5966 particle = gamma
file = 5967 particle = gamma
file = 5968 particle = gamma
file = 5969 particle = gamma
file = 5970 particle = gamma
file = 5971 particle = gamma
file = 5972 particle = gamma
file = 5973 particle = gamma
file = 5974 particle = gamma
file = 5975 particle = gamma
file = 5976 particle = gamma
file = 5977 particle = neutron
file = 5978 particle = gamma
file = 5979 particle = gamma
file = 5980 particle = gamma
file = 5981 particle = gamma
file = 5982 particle = neutron
file = 5983 particle = gamma
file = 5984 particle = gamma
file = 5985 particle = neutron
file = 5986 particle = gamma
file = 5987 particle = gamma
file = 5988 particle = gamma
file = 5989 particle = gamma
file = 5990 particle = gamma
file = 5991 particle = gamma
file = 5992 particle = gamma
file = 5993 particle = gamma
file = 5994 particle = gamma
file = 5995 particle = neutron
file = 5996 particle = gamma
file = 5997 particle = gamma
file = 5998 particle = gamma
file = 5999 particle = neutron
file = 6000 particle = gamma
file = 6001 particle = gamma
file = 6002 particle = gamma
file = 6003 particle = gamma
file = 6004 particle = gamma
file = 6005 particle = gamma
file = 6006 particle = gamma
file = 6007 particle = gamma
file = 6008 particle = gamma
file = 6009 particle = gamma
file = 6010 particle = gamma
file = 6011 particle = gamma
file = 6012 particle = gamma
file = 6013 particle = gamma
file = 6014 particle = gamma
file = 6015 particle = gamma
file = 6016 particle = gamma
file = 6017 particle = gamma
file = 6018 particle = gamma
file = 6019 particle = gamma
file = 6020 particle = gamma
file = 6021 particle = gamma
file = 6022 particle = gamma
file = 6023 particle = gamma
file = 6024 particle = gamma
file = 6025 particle = gamma
file = 6026 particle = gamma
file = 6027 particle = gamma
file = 6028 particle = gamma
file = 6029 particle = gamma
file = 6030 particle = gamma
file = 6031 particle = gamma
file = 6032 particle = gamma
file = 6033 particle = gamma
file = 6034 particle = neutron
file = 6035 particle = gamma
file = 6036 particle = gamma
file = 6037 particle = gamma
file = 6038 particle = gamma
file = 6039 particle = gamma
file = 6040 particle = gamma
file = 6041 particle = gamma
file = 6042 particle = neutron
file = 6043 particle = gamma
file = 6044 particle = gamma
file = 6045 particle = gamma
file = 6046 particle = gamma
file = 6047 particle = gamma
file = 6048 particle = gamma
file = 6049 particle = gamma
file = 6050 particle = gamma
file = 6051 particle = gamma
file = 6052 particle = gamma
file = 6053 particle = gamma
file = 6054 particle = gamma
file = 6055 particle = gamma
file = 6056 particle = neutron
file = 6057 particle = gamma
file = 6058 particle = gamma
file = 6059 particle = gamma
file = 6060 particle = gamma
file = 6061 particle = gamma
file = 6062 particle = gamma
file = 6063 particle = gamma
file = 6064 particle = gamma
file = 6065 particle = gamma
file = 6066 particle = gamma
file = 6067 particle = neutron
file = 6068 particle = neutron
file = 6069 particle = gamma
file = 6070 particle = gamma
file = 6071 particle = gamma
file = 6072 particle = gamma
file = 6073 particle = neutron
file = 6074 particle = gamma
file = 6075 particle = gamma
file = 6076 particle = gamma
file = 6077 particle = neutron
file = 6078 particle = gamma
file = 6079 particle = gamma
file = 6080 particle = neutron
file = 6081 particle = gamma
file = 6082 particle = gamma
file = 6083 particle = gamma
file = 6084 particle = gamma
file = 6085 particle = gamma
file = 6086 particle = gamma
file = 6087 particle = gamma
file = 6088 particle = gamma
file = 6089 particle = gamma
file = 6090 particle = gamma
file = 6091 particle = neutron
file = 6092 particle = gamma
file = 6093 particle = gamma
file = 6094 particle = gamma
file = 6095 particle = gamma
file = 6096 particle = gamma
file = 6097 particle = gamma
file = 6098 particle = gamma
file = 6099 particle = gamma
file = 6100 particle = gamma
file = 6101 particle = gamma
file = 6102 particle = gamma
file = 6103 particle = gamma
file = 6104 particle = gamma
file = 6105 particle = neutron
file = 6106 particle = gamma
file = 6107 particle = neutron
file = 6108 particle = neutron
file = 6109 particle = gamma
file = 6110 particle = gamma
file = 6111 particle = gamma
file = 6112 particle = gamma
file = 6113 particle = gamma
file = 6114 particle = neutron
file = 6115 particle = gamma
file = 6116 particle = gamma
file = 6117 particle = gamma
file = 6118 particle = gamma
file = 6119 particle = gamma
file = 6120 particle = gamma
file = 6121 particle = gamma
file = 6122 particle = gamma
file = 6123 particle = neutron
file = 6124 particle = neutron
file = 6125 particle = gamma
file = 6126 particle = gamma
file = 6127 particle = gamma
file = 6128 particle = gamma
file = 6129 particle = neutron
file = 6130 particle = gamma
file = 6131 particle = neutron
file = 6132 particle = gamma
file = 6133 particle = gamma
file = 6134 particle = neutron
file = 6135 particle = gamma
file = 6136 particle = gamma
file = 6137 particle = gamma
file = 6138 particle = gamma
file = 6139 particle = gamma
file = 6140 particle = gamma
file = 6141 particle = gamma
file = 6142 particle = gamma
file = 6143 particle = gamma
file = 6144 particle = gamma
file = 6145 particle = neutron
file = 6146 particle = gamma
file = 6147 particle = gamma
file = 6148 particle = gamma
file = 6149 particle = gamma
file = 6150 particle = neutron
file = 6151 particle = gamma
file = 6152 particle = gamma
file = 6153 particle = neutron
file = 6154 particle = neutron
file = 6155 particle = gamma
file = 6156 particle = gamma
file = 6157 particle = gamma
file = 6158 particle = gamma
file = 6159 particle = neutron
file = 6160 particle = gamma
file = 6161 particle = neutron
file = 6162 particle = gamma
file = 6163 particle = gamma
file = 6164 particle = neutron
file = 6165 particle = gamma
file = 6166 particle = gamma
file = 6167 particle = gamma
file = 6168 particle = gamma
file = 6169 particle = gamma
file = 6170 particle = gamma
file = 6171 particle = gamma
file = 6172 particle = gamma
file = 6173 particle = gamma
file = 6174 particle = gamma
file = 6175 particle = neutron
file = 6176 particle = neutron
file = 6177 particle = gamma
file = 6178 particle = neutron
file = 6179 particle = gamma
file = 6180 particle = gamma
file = 6181 particle = gamma
file = 6182 particle = neutron
file = 6183 particle = gamma
file = 6184 particle = gamma
file = 6185 particle = gamma
file = 6186 particle = gamma
file = 6187 particle = gamma
file = 6188 particle = neutron
file = 6189 particle = gamma
file = 6190 particle = gamma
file = 6191 particle = gamma
file = 6192 particle = gamma
file = 6193 particle = gamma
file = 6194 particle = gamma
file = 6195 particle = gamma
file = 6196 particle = gamma
file = 6197 particle = gamma
file = 6198 particle = neutron
file = 6199 particle = gamma
file = 6200 particle = gamma
file = 6201 particle = gamma
file = 6202 particle = neutron
file = 6203 particle = gamma
file = 6204 particle = gamma
file = 6205 particle = neutron
file = 6206 particle = neutron
file = 6207 particle = gamma
file = 6208 particle = gamma
file = 6209 particle = neutron
file = 6210 particle = gamma
file = 6211 particle = neutron
file = 6212 particle = gamma
file = 6213 particle = gamma
file = 6214 particle = gamma
file = 6215 particle = gamma
file = 6216 particle = neutron
file = 6217 particle = neutron
file = 6218 particle = neutron
file = 6219 particle = neutron
file = 6220 particle = gamma
file = 6221 particle = gamma
file = 6222 particle = gamma
file = 6223 particle = gamma
file = 6224 particle = gamma
file = 6225 particle = neutron
file = 6226 particle = gamma
file = 6227 particle = gamma
file = 6228 particle = neutron
file = 6229 particle = gamma
file = 6230 particle = gamma
file = 6231 particle = gamma
file = 6232 particle = neutron
file = 6233 particle = gamma
file = 6234 particle = gamma
file = 6235 particle = gamma
file = 6236 particle = gamma
file = 6237 particle = gamma
file = 6238 particle = gamma
file = 6239 particle = gamma
file = 6240 particle = gamma
file = 6241 particle = gamma
file = 6242 particle = gamma
file = 6243 particle = gamma
file = 6244 particle = neutron
file = 6245 particle = neutron
file = 6246 particle = gamma
file = 6247 particle = gamma
file = 6248 particle = gamma
file = 6249 particle = gamma
file = 6250 particle = gamma
file = 6251 particle = gamma
file = 6252 particle = gamma
file = 6253 particle = gamma
file = 6254 particle = neutron
file = 6255 particle = gamma
file = 6256 particle = gamma
file = 6257 particle = gamma
file = 6258 particle = gamma
file = 6259 particle = gamma
file = 6260 particle = gamma
file = 6261 particle = neutron
file = 6262 particle = gamma
file = 6263 particle = neutron
file = 6264 particle = gamma
file = 6265 particle = gamma
file = 6266 particle = gamma
file = 6267 particle = gamma
file = 6268 particle = gamma
file = 6269 particle = gamma
file = 6270 particle = gamma
file = 6271 particle = gamma
file = 6272 particle = gamma
file = 6273 particle = gamma
file = 6274 particle = gamma
file = 6275 particle = neutron
file = 6276 particle = gamma
file = 6277 particle = gamma
file = 6278 particle = gamma
file = 6279 particle = gamma
file = 6280 particle = gamma
file = 6281 particle = gamma
file = 6282 particle = gamma
file = 6283 particle = gamma
file = 6284 particle = gamma
file = 6285 particle = gamma
file = 6286 particle = gamma
file = 6287 particle = gamma
file = 6288 particle = gamma
file = 6289 particle = gamma
file = 6290 particle = neutron
file = 6291 particle = gamma
file = 6292 particle = gamma
file = 6293 particle = gamma
file = 6294 particle = gamma
file = 6295 particle = gamma
file = 6296 particle = gamma
file = 6297 particle = gamma
file = 6298 particle = gamma
file = 6299 particle = gamma
file = 6300 particle = gamma
file = 6301 particle = gamma
file = 6302 particle = gamma
file = 6303 particle = gamma
file = 6304 particle = gamma
file = 6305 particle = gamma
file = 6306 particle = neutron
file = 6307 particle = neutron
file = 6308 particle = gamma
file = 6309 particle = neutron
file = 6310 particle = gamma
file = 6311 particle = neutron
file = 6312 particle = gamma
file = 6313 particle = gamma
file = 6314 particle = gamma
file = 6315 particle = gamma
file = 6316 particle = gamma
file = 6317 particle = gamma
file = 6318 particle = gamma
file = 6319 particle = gamma
file = 6320 particle = gamma
file = 6321 particle = gamma
file = 6322 particle = gamma
file = 6323 particle = gamma
file = 6324 particle = gamma
file = 6325 particle = gamma
file = 6326 particle = gamma
file = 6327 particle = neutron
file = 6328 particle = gamma
file = 6329 particle = gamma
file = 6330 particle = gamma
file = 6331 particle = gamma
file = 6332 particle = gamma
file = 6333 particle = gamma
file = 6334 particle = gamma
file = 6335 particle = gamma
file = 6336 particle = gamma
file = 6337 particle = gamma
file = 6338 particle = gamma
file = 6339 particle = gamma
file = 6340 particle = gamma
file = 6341 particle = gamma
file = 6342 particle = neutron
file = 6343 particle = gamma
file = 6344 particle = neutron
file = 6345 particle = gamma
file = 6346 particle = gamma
file = 6347 particle = gamma
file = 6348 particle = gamma
file = 6349 particle = gamma
file = 6350 particle = gamma
file = 6351 particle = gamma
file = 6352 particle = gamma
file = 6353 particle = gamma
file = 6354 particle = neutron
file = 6355 particle = gamma
file = 6356 particle = gamma
file = 6357 particle = neutron
file = 6358 particle = neutron
file = 6359 particle = gamma
file = 6360 particle = gamma
file = 6361 particle = gamma
file = 6362 particle = neutron
file = 6363 particle = gamma
file = 6364 particle = gamma
file = 6365 particle = gamma
file = 6366 particle = gamma
file = 6367 particle = gamma
file = 6368 particle = gamma
file = 6369 particle = gamma
file = 6370 particle = gamma
file = 6371 particle = gamma
file = 6372 particle = gamma
file = 6373 particle = gamma
file = 6374 particle = gamma
file = 6375 particle = gamma
file = 6376 particle = gamma
file = 6377 particle = gamma
file = 6378 particle = gamma
file = 6379 particle = gamma
file = 6380 particle = gamma
file = 6381 particle = gamma
file = 6382 particle = gamma
file = 6383 particle = gamma
file = 6384 particle = neutron
file = 6385 particle = gamma
file = 6386 particle = gamma
file = 6387 particle = gamma
file = 6388 particle = gamma
file = 6389 particle = gamma
file = 6390 particle = gamma
file = 6391 particle = neutron
file = 6392 particle = gamma
file = 6393 particle = gamma
file = 6394 particle = gamma
file = 6395 particle = gamma
file = 6396 particle = gamma
file = 6397 particle = gamma
file = 6398 particle = gamma
file = 6399 particle = neutron
file = 6400 particle = gamma
file = 6401 particle = gamma
file = 6402 particle = gamma
file = 6403 particle = gamma
file = 6404 particle = gamma
file = 6405 particle = gamma
file = 6406 particle = gamma
file = 6407 particle = gamma
file = 6408 particle = gamma
file = 6409 particle = gamma
file = 6410 particle = gamma
file = 6411 particle = gamma
file = 6412 particle = neutron
file = 6413 particle = gamma
file = 6414 particle = gamma
file = 6415 particle = gamma
file = 6416 particle = neutron
file = 6417 particle = gamma
file = 6418 particle = gamma
file = 6419 particle = gamma
file = 6420 particle = gamma
file = 6421 particle = gamma
file = 6422 particle = gamma
file = 6423 particle = gamma
file = 6424 particle = gamma
file = 6425 particle = gamma
file = 6426 particle = neutron
file = 6427 particle = neutron
file = 6428 particle = gamma
file = 6429 particle = gamma
file = 6430 particle = gamma
file = 6431 particle = gamma
file = 6432 particle = gamma
file = 6433 particle = gamma
file = 6434 particle = gamma
file = 6435 particle = gamma
file = 6436 particle = gamma
file = 6437 particle = gamma
file = 6438 particle = gamma
file = 6439 particle = neutron
file = 6440 particle = gamma
file = 6441 particle = gamma
file = 6442 particle = gamma
file = 6443 particle = gamma
file = 6444 particle = neutron
file = 6445 particle = gamma
file = 6446 particle = gamma
file = 6447 particle = gamma
file = 6448 particle = gamma
file = 6449 particle = gamma
file = 6450 particle = gamma
file = 6451 particle = gamma
file = 6452 particle = gamma
file = 6453 particle = neutron
file = 6454 particle = neutron
file = 6455 particle = gamma
file = 6456 particle = gamma
file = 6457 particle = gamma
file = 6458 particle = gamma
file = 6459 particle = gamma
file = 6460 particle = gamma
file = 6461 particle = gamma
file = 6462 particle = gamma
file = 6463 particle = gamma
file = 6464 particle = gamma
file = 6465 particle = gamma
file = 6466 particle = neutron
file = 6467 particle = gamma
file = 6468 particle = gamma
file = 6469 particle = neutron
file = 6470 particle = gamma
file = 6471 particle = neutron
file = 6472 particle = gamma
file = 6473 particle = gamma
file = 6474 particle = gamma
file = 6475 particle = gamma
file = 6476 particle = gamma
file = 6477 particle = gamma
file = 6478 particle = gamma
file = 6479 particle = gamma
file = 6480 particle = gamma
file = 6481 particle = gamma
file = 6482 particle = neutron
file = 6483 particle = gamma
file = 6484 particle = gamma
file = 6485 particle = gamma
file = 6486 particle = neutron
file = 6487 particle = gamma
file = 6488 particle = gamma
file = 6489 particle = gamma
file = 6490 particle = gamma
file = 6491 particle = gamma
file = 6492 particle = neutron
file = 6493 particle = neutron
file = 6494 particle = neutron
file = 6495 particle = neutron
file = 6496 particle = gamma
file = 6497 particle = gamma
file = 6498 particle = neutron
file = 6499 particle = gamma
file = 6500 particle = gamma
file = 6501 particle = gamma
file = 6502 particle = gamma
file = 6503 particle = gamma
file = 6504 particle = neutron
file = 6505 particle = neutron
file = 6506 particle = gamma
file = 6507 particle = gamma
file = 6508 particle = gamma
file = 6509 particle = gamma
file = 6510 particle = gamma
file = 6511 particle = gamma
file = 6512 particle = gamma
file = 6513 particle = gamma
file = 6514 particle = gamma
file = 6515 particle = gamma
file = 6516 particle = gamma
file = 6517 particle = gamma
file = 6518 particle = neutron
file = 6519 particle = neutron
file = 6520 particle = gamma
file = 6521 particle = gamma
file = 6522 particle = gamma
file = 6523 particle = neutron
file = 6524 particle = gamma
file = 6525 particle = gamma
file = 6526 particle = gamma
file = 6527 particle = gamma
file = 6528 particle = gamma
file = 6529 particle = gamma
file = 6530 particle = gamma
file = 6531 particle = gamma
file = 6532 particle = gamma
file = 6533 particle = gamma
file = 6534 particle = gamma
file = 6535 particle = gamma
file = 6536 particle = gamma
file = 6537 particle = gamma
file = 6538 particle = gamma
file = 6539 particle = gamma
file = 6540 particle = gamma
file = 6541 particle = gamma
file = 6542 particle = neutron
file = 6543 particle = gamma
file = 6544 particle = gamma
file = 6545 particle = neutron
file = 6546 particle = gamma
file = 6547 particle = gamma
file = 6548 particle = gamma
file = 6549 particle = gamma
file = 6550 particle = gamma
file = 6551 particle = gamma
file = 6552 particle = neutron
file = 6553 particle = neutron
file = 6554 particle = gamma
file = 6555 particle = gamma
file = 6556 particle = gamma
file = 6557 particle = gamma
file = 6558 particle = gamma
file = 6559 particle = gamma
file = 6560 particle = gamma
file = 6561 particle = gamma
file = 6562 particle = gamma
file = 6563 particle = gamma
file = 6564 particle = gamma
file = 6565 particle = gamma
file = 6566 particle = neutron
file = 6567 particle = gamma
file = 6568 particle = gamma
file = 6569 particle = gamma
file = 6570 particle = gamma
file = 6571 particle = neutron
file = 6572 particle = gamma
file = 6573 particle = gamma
file = 6574 particle = gamma
file = 6575 particle = gamma
file = 6576 particle = gamma
file = 6577 particle = gamma
file = 6578 particle = gamma
file = 6579 particle = gamma
file = 6580 particle = neutron
file = 6581 particle = gamma
file = 6582 particle = neutron
file = 6583 particle = gamma
file = 6584 particle = gamma
file = 6585 particle = gamma
file = 6586 particle = gamma
file = 6587 particle = gamma
file = 6588 particle = gamma
file = 6589 particle = gamma
file = 6590 particle = gamma
file = 6591 particle = gamma
file = 6592 particle = neutron
file = 6593 particle = gamma
file = 6594 particle = gamma
file = 6595 particle = gamma
file = 6596 particle = gamma
file = 6597 particle = gamma
file = 6598 particle = gamma
file = 6599 particle = gamma
file = 6600 particle = gamma
file = 6601 particle = gamma
file = 6602 particle = gamma
file = 6603 particle = gamma
file = 6604 particle = gamma
file = 6605 particle = gamma
file = 6606 particle = gamma
file = 6607 particle = gamma
file = 6608 particle = gamma
file = 6609 particle = neutron
file = 6610 particle = gamma
file = 6611 particle = gamma
file = 6612 particle = neutron
file = 6613 particle = gamma
file = 6614 particle = neutron
file = 6615 particle = gamma
file = 6616 particle = gamma
file = 6617 particle = gamma
file = 6618 particle = gamma
file = 6619 particle = gamma
file = 6620 particle = gamma
file = 6621 particle = gamma
file = 6622 particle = gamma
file = 6623 particle = gamma
file = 6624 particle = gamma
file = 6625 particle = gamma
file = 6626 particle = gamma
file = 6627 particle = neutron
file = 6628 particle = gamma
file = 6629 particle = gamma
file = 6630 particle = gamma
file = 6631 particle = gamma
file = 6632 particle = gamma
file = 6633 particle = gamma
file = 6634 particle = gamma
file = 6635 particle = gamma
file = 6636 particle = gamma
file = 6637 particle = gamma
file = 6638 particle = gamma
file = 6639 particle = neutron
file = 6640 particle = neutron
file = 6641 particle = gamma
file = 6642 particle = gamma
file = 6643 particle = gamma
file = 6644 particle = gamma
file = 6645 particle = gamma
file = 6646 particle = gamma
file = 6647 particle = gamma
file = 6648 particle = gamma
file = 6649 particle = gamma
file = 6650 particle = gamma
file = 6651 particle = gamma
file = 6652 particle = gamma
file = 6653 particle = gamma
file = 6654 particle = gamma
file = 6655 particle = gamma
file = 6656 particle = gamma
file = 6657 particle = gamma
file = 6658 particle = gamma
file = 6659 particle = gamma
file = 6660 particle = gamma
file = 6661 particle = gamma
file = 6662 particle = gamma
file = 6663 particle = gamma
file = 6664 particle = neutron
file = 6665 particle = gamma
file = 6666 particle = gamma
file = 6667 particle = gamma
file = 6668 particle = gamma
file = 6669 particle = gamma
file = 6670 particle = gamma
file = 6671 particle = gamma
file = 6672 particle = gamma
file = 6673 particle = gamma
file = 6674 particle = gamma
file = 6675 particle = gamma
file = 6676 particle = gamma
file = 6677 particle = gamma
file = 6678 particle = gamma
file = 6679 particle = gamma
file = 6680 particle = gamma
file = 6681 particle = gamma
file = 6682 particle = neutron
file = 6683 particle = neutron
file = 6684 particle = gamma
file = 6685 particle = gamma
file = 6686 particle = gamma
file = 6687 particle = gamma
file = 6688 particle = neutron
file = 6689 particle = neutron
file = 6690 particle = neutron
file = 6691 particle = gamma
file = 6692 particle = gamma
file = 6693 particle = gamma
file = 6694 particle = gamma
file = 6695 particle = gamma
file = 6696 particle = neutron
file = 6697 particle = gamma
file = 6698 particle = gamma
file = 6699 particle = gamma
file = 6700 particle = gamma
file = 6701 particle = gamma
file = 6702 particle = gamma
file = 6703 particle = neutron
file = 6704 particle = gamma
file = 6705 particle = gamma
file = 6706 particle = gamma
file = 6707 particle = gamma
file = 6708 particle = neutron
file = 6709 particle = gamma
file = 6710 particle = gamma
file = 6711 particle = gamma
file = 6712 particle = gamma
file = 6713 particle = gamma
file = 6714 particle = neutron
file = 6715 particle = gamma
file = 6716 particle = neutron
file = 6717 particle = gamma
file = 6718 particle = gamma
file = 6719 particle = gamma
file = 6720 particle = gamma
file = 6721 particle = gamma
file = 6722 particle = gamma
file = 6723 particle = neutron
file = 6724 particle = gamma
file = 6725 particle = gamma
file = 6726 particle = neutron
file = 6727 particle = gamma
file = 6728 particle = neutron
file = 6729 particle = gamma
file = 6730 particle = gamma
file = 6731 particle = gamma
file = 6732 particle = gamma
file = 6733 particle = gamma
file = 6734 particle = gamma
file = 6735 particle = gamma
file = 6736 particle = neutron
file = 6737 particle = gamma
file = 6738 particle = gamma
file = 6739 particle = gamma
file = 6740 particle = neutron
file = 6741 particle = gamma
file = 6742 particle = neutron
file = 6743 particle = gamma
file = 6744 particle = gamma
file = 6745 particle = gamma
file = 6746 particle = gamma
file = 6747 particle = gamma
file = 6748 particle = gamma
file = 6749 particle = gamma
file = 6750 particle = gamma
file = 6751 particle = gamma
file = 6752 particle = gamma
file = 6753 particle = gamma
file = 6754 particle = gamma
file = 6755 particle = neutron
file = 6756 particle = neutron
file = 6757 particle = gamma
file = 6758 particle = gamma
file = 6759 particle = gamma
file = 6760 particle = gamma
file = 6761 particle = neutron
file = 6762 particle = gamma
file = 6763 particle = gamma
file = 6764 particle = gamma
file = 6765 particle = gamma
file = 6766 particle = gamma
file = 6767 particle = gamma
file = 6768 particle = gamma
file = 6769 particle = gamma
file = 6770 particle = gamma
file = 6771 particle = gamma
file = 6772 particle = neutron
file = 6773 particle = gamma
file = 6774 particle = gamma
file = 6775 particle = gamma
file = 6776 particle = gamma
file = 6777 particle = gamma
file = 6778 particle = gamma
file = 6779 particle = gamma
file = 6780 particle = gamma
file = 6781 particle = gamma
file = 6782 particle = neutron
file = 6783 particle = gamma
file = 6784 particle = gamma
file = 6785 particle = gamma
file = 6786 particle = neutron
file = 6787 particle = gamma
file = 6788 particle = gamma
file = 6789 particle = gamma
file = 6790 particle = gamma
file = 6791 particle = gamma
file = 6792 particle = gamma
file = 6793 particle = gamma
file = 6794 particle = gamma
file = 6795 particle = neutron
file = 6796 particle = gamma
file = 6797 particle = gamma
file = 6798 particle = gamma
file = 6799 particle = gamma
file = 6800 particle = gamma
file = 6801 particle = gamma
file = 6802 particle = gamma
file = 6803 particle = gamma
file = 6804 particle = gamma
file = 6805 particle = gamma
file = 6806 particle = gamma
file = 6807 particle = gamma
file = 6808 particle = neutron
file = 6809 particle = gamma
file = 6810 particle = neutron
file = 6811 particle = gamma
file = 6812 particle = gamma
file = 6813 particle = gamma
file = 6814 particle = gamma
file = 6815 particle = neutron
file = 6816 particle = gamma
file = 6817 particle = gamma
file = 6818 particle = gamma
file = 6819 particle = gamma
file = 6820 particle = gamma
file = 6821 particle = gamma
file = 6822 particle = gamma
file = 6823 particle = gamma
file = 6824 particle = gamma
file = 6825 particle = gamma
file = 6826 particle = gamma
file = 6827 particle = gamma
file = 6828 particle = neutron
file = 6829 particle = gamma
file = 6830 particle = gamma
file = 6831 particle = gamma
file = 6832 particle = neutron
file = 6833 particle = gamma
file = 6834 particle = neutron
file = 6835 particle = gamma
file = 6836 particle = gamma
file = 6837 particle = gamma
file = 6838 particle = gamma
file = 6839 particle = gamma
file = 6840 particle = gamma
file = 6841 particle = gamma
file = 6842 particle = gamma
file = 6843 particle = gamma
file = 6844 particle = gamma
file = 6845 particle = neutron
file = 6846 particle = gamma
file = 6847 particle = neutron
file = 6848 particle = gamma
file = 6849 particle = neutron
file = 6850 particle = gamma
file = 6851 particle = gamma
file = 6852 particle = gamma
file = 6853 particle = gamma
file = 6854 particle = gamma
file = 6855 particle = gamma
file = 6856 particle = gamma
file = 6857 particle = gamma
file = 6858 particle = gamma
file = 6859 particle = gamma
file = 6860 particle = gamma
file = 6861 particle = gamma
file = 6862 particle = gamma
file = 6863 particle = gamma
file = 6864 particle = neutron
file = 6865 particle = gamma
file = 6866 particle = gamma
file = 6867 particle = gamma
file = 6868 particle = neutron
file = 6869 particle = neutron
file = 6870 particle = gamma
file = 6871 particle = gamma
file = 6872 particle = neutron
file = 6873 particle = neutron
file = 6874 particle = gamma
file = 6875 particle = gamma
file = 6876 particle = gamma
file = 6877 particle = gamma
file = 6878 particle = gamma
file = 6879 particle = gamma
file = 6880 particle = gamma
file = 6881 particle = neutron
file = 6882 particle = gamma
file = 6883 particle = gamma
file = 6884 particle = gamma
file = 6885 particle = gamma
file = 6886 particle = gamma
file = 6887 particle = gamma
file = 6888 particle = gamma
file = 6889 particle = gamma
file = 6890 particle = gamma
file = 6891 particle = gamma
file = 6892 particle = neutron
file = 6893 particle = gamma
file = 6894 particle = gamma
file = 6895 particle = gamma
file = 6896 particle = gamma
file = 6897 particle = gamma
file = 6898 particle = neutron
file = 6899 particle = gamma
file = 6900 particle = gamma
file = 6901 particle = gamma
file = 6902 particle = neutron
file = 6903 particle = gamma
file = 6904 particle = gamma
file = 6905 particle = gamma
file = 6906 particle = neutron
file = 6907 particle = neutron
file = 6908 particle = gamma
file = 6909 particle = neutron
file = 6910 particle = neutron
file = 6911 particle = gamma
file = 6912 particle = gamma
file = 6913 particle = gamma
file = 6914 particle = gamma
file = 6915 particle = gamma
file = 6916 particle = gamma
file = 6917 particle = gamma
file = 6918 particle = gamma
file = 6919 particle = gamma
file = 6920 particle = gamma
file = 6921 particle = gamma
file = 6922 particle = neutron
file = 6923 particle = gamma
file = 6924 particle = gamma
file = 6925 particle = gamma
file = 6926 particle = gamma
file = 6927 particle = gamma
file = 6928 particle = gamma
file = 6929 particle = gamma
file = 6930 particle = gamma
file = 6931 particle = gamma
file = 6932 particle = neutron
file = 6933 particle = gamma
file = 6934 particle = gamma
file = 6935 particle = gamma
file = 6936 particle = gamma
file = 6937 particle = gamma
file = 6938 particle = gamma
file = 6939 particle = gamma
file = 6940 particle = gamma
file = 6941 particle = gamma
file = 6942 particle = gamma
file = 6943 particle = gamma
file = 6944 particle = gamma
file = 6945 particle = neutron
file = 6946 particle = gamma
file = 6947 particle = gamma
file = 6948 particle = gamma
file = 6949 particle = gamma
file = 6950 particle = gamma
file = 6951 particle = neutron
file = 6952 particle = gamma
file = 6953 particle = gamma
file = 6954 particle = gamma
file = 6955 particle = gamma
file = 6956 particle = gamma
file = 6957 particle = gamma
file = 6958 particle = gamma
file = 6959 particle = gamma
file = 6960 particle = gamma
file = 6961 particle = gamma
file = 6962 particle = gamma
file = 6963 particle = gamma
file = 6964 particle = gamma
file = 6965 particle = gamma
file = 6966 particle = gamma
file = 6967 particle = neutron
file = 6968 particle = gamma
file = 6969 particle = gamma
file = 6970 particle = neutron
file = 6971 particle = gamma
file = 6972 particle = gamma
file = 6973 particle = gamma
file = 6974 particle = gamma
file = 6975 particle = gamma
file = 6976 particle = gamma
file = 6977 particle = gamma
file = 6978 particle = gamma
file = 6979 particle = gamma
file = 6980 particle = gamma
file = 6981 particle = gamma
file = 6982 particle = gamma
file = 6983 particle = gamma
file = 6984 particle = gamma
file = 6985 particle = neutron
file = 6986 particle = gamma
file = 6987 particle = gamma
file = 6988 particle = neutron
file = 6989 particle = gamma
file = 6990 particle = gamma
file = 6991 particle = gamma
file = 6992 particle = gamma
file = 6993 particle = neutron
file = 6994 particle = gamma
file = 6995 particle = gamma
file = 6996 particle = gamma
file = 6997 particle = neutron
file = 6998 particle = gamma
file = 6999 particle = gamma
file = 7000 particle = gamma
file = 7001 particle = gamma
file = 7002 particle = gamma
file = 7003 particle = gamma
file = 7004 particle = gamma
file = 7005 particle = gamma
file = 7006 particle = neutron
file = 7007 particle = gamma
file = 7008 particle = gamma
file = 7009 particle = gamma
file = 7010 particle = gamma
file = 7011 particle = gamma
file = 7012 particle = gamma
file = 7013 particle = gamma
file = 7014 particle = gamma
file = 7015 particle = gamma
file = 7016 particle = gamma
file = 7017 particle = neutron
file = 7018 particle = gamma
file = 7019 particle = gamma
file = 7020 particle = gamma
file = 7021 particle = gamma
file = 7022 particle = gamma
file = 7023 particle = neutron
file = 7024 particle = gamma
file = 7025 particle = neutron
file = 7026 particle = gamma
file = 7027 particle = gamma
file = 7028 particle = neutron
file = 7029 particle = gamma
file = 7030 particle = gamma
file = 7031 particle = neutron
file = 7032 particle = gamma
file = 7033 particle = gamma
file = 7034 particle = neutron
file = 7035 particle = gamma
file = 7036 particle = neutron
file = 7037 particle = gamma
file = 7038 particle = gamma
file = 7039 particle = gamma
file = 7040 particle = gamma
file = 7041 particle = neutron
file = 7042 particle = neutron
file = 7043 particle = neutron
file = 7044 particle = gamma
file = 7045 particle = gamma
file = 7046 particle = gamma
file = 7047 particle = gamma
file = 7048 particle = gamma
file = 7049 particle = neutron
file = 7050 particle = gamma
file = 7051 particle = gamma
file = 7052 particle = gamma
file = 7053 particle = neutron
file = 7054 particle = neutron
file = 7055 particle = gamma
file = 7056 particle = gamma
file = 7057 particle = neutron
file = 7058 particle = gamma
file = 7059 particle = gamma
file = 7060 particle = gamma
file = 7061 particle = gamma
file = 7062 particle = gamma
file = 7063 particle = gamma
file = 7064 particle = neutron
file = 7065 particle = gamma
file = 7066 particle = gamma
file = 7067 particle = gamma
file = 7068 particle = gamma
file = 7069 particle = gamma
file = 7070 particle = gamma
file = 7071 particle = gamma
file = 7072 particle = gamma
file = 7073 particle = gamma
file = 7074 particle = neutron
file = 7075 particle = neutron
file = 7076 particle = gamma
file = 7077 particle = gamma
file = 7078 particle = gamma
file = 7079 particle = neutron
file = 7080 particle = gamma
file = 7081 particle = gamma
file = 7082 particle = gamma
file = 7083 particle = gamma
file = 7084 particle = gamma
file = 7085 particle = neutron
file = 7086 particle = gamma
file = 7087 particle = gamma
file = 7088 particle = gamma
file = 7089 particle = gamma
file = 7090 particle = gamma
file = 7091 particle = neutron
file = 7092 particle = gamma
file = 7093 particle = gamma
file = 7094 particle = gamma
file = 7095 particle = gamma
file = 7096 particle = neutron
file = 7097 particle = gamma
file = 7098 particle = neutron
file = 7099 particle = gamma
file = 7100 particle = gamma
file = 7101 particle = gamma
file = 7102 particle = gamma
file = 7103 particle = gamma
file = 7104 particle = gamma
file = 7105 particle = gamma
file = 7106 particle = gamma
file = 7107 particle = gamma
file = 7108 particle = gamma
file = 7109 particle = gamma
file = 7110 particle = gamma
file = 7111 particle = gamma
file = 7112 particle = gamma
file = 7113 particle = neutron
file = 7114 particle = gamma
file = 7115 particle = gamma
file = 7116 particle = gamma
file = 7117 particle = gamma
file = 7118 particle = neutron
file = 7119 particle = gamma
file = 7120 particle = gamma
file = 7121 particle = gamma
file = 7122 particle = gamma
file = 7123 particle = gamma
file = 7124 particle = gamma
file = 7125 particle = gamma
file = 7126 particle = gamma
file = 7127 particle = gamma
file = 7128 particle = gamma
file = 7129 particle = neutron
file = 7130 particle = gamma
file = 7131 particle = gamma
file = 7132 particle = gamma
file = 7133 particle = gamma
file = 7134 particle = neutron
file = 7135 particle = gamma
file = 7136 particle = gamma
file = 7137 particle = gamma
file = 7138 particle = gamma
file = 7139 particle = gamma
file = 7140 particle = gamma
file = 7141 particle = gamma
file = 7142 particle = neutron
file = 7143 particle = gamma
file = 7144 particle = gamma
file = 7145 particle = gamma
file = 7146 particle = gamma
file = 7147 particle = gamma
file = 7148 particle = neutron
file = 7149 particle = gamma
file = 7150 particle = gamma
file = 7151 particle = neutron
file = 7152 particle = gamma
file = 7153 particle = gamma
file = 7154 particle = gamma
file = 7155 particle = gamma
file = 7156 particle = gamma
file = 7157 particle = neutron
file = 7158 particle = gamma
file = 7159 particle = gamma
file = 7160 particle = gamma
file = 7161 particle = gamma
file = 7162 particle = gamma
file = 7163 particle = gamma
file = 7164 particle = gamma
file = 7165 particle = neutron
file = 7166 particle = gamma
file = 7167 particle = gamma
file = 7168 particle = gamma
file = 7169 particle = neutron
file = 7170 particle = gamma
file = 7171 particle = gamma
file = 7172 particle = gamma
file = 7173 particle = gamma
file = 7174 particle = gamma
file = 7175 particle = gamma
file = 7176 particle = gamma
file = 7177 particle = gamma
file = 7178 particle = neutron
file = 7179 particle = neutron
file = 7180 particle = gamma
file = 7181 particle = gamma
file = 7182 particle = gamma
file = 7183 particle = gamma
file = 7184 particle = neutron
file = 7185 particle = gamma
file = 7186 particle = gamma
file = 7187 particle = gamma
file = 7188 particle = gamma
file = 7189 particle = gamma
file = 7190 particle = gamma
file = 7191 particle = gamma
file = 7192 particle = gamma
file = 7193 particle = neutron
file = 7194 particle = neutron
file = 7195 particle = gamma
file = 7196 particle = gamma
file = 7197 particle = neutron
file = 7198 particle = neutron
file = 7199 particle = gamma
file = 7200 particle = gamma
file = 7201 particle = gamma
file = 7202 particle = neutron
file = 7203 particle = gamma
file = 7204 particle = neutron
file = 7205 particle = neutron
file = 7206 particle = gamma
file = 7207 particle = gamma
file = 7208 particle = gamma
file = 7209 particle = gamma
file = 7210 particle = gamma
file = 7211 particle = gamma
file = 7212 particle = neutron
file = 7213 particle = gamma
file = 7214 particle = gamma
file = 7215 particle = neutron
file = 7216 particle = gamma
file = 7217 particle = gamma
file = 7218 particle = gamma
file = 7219 particle = neutron
file = 7220 particle = gamma
file = 7221 particle = gamma
file = 7222 particle = gamma
file = 7223 particle = gamma
file = 7224 particle = gamma
file = 7225 particle = gamma
file = 7226 particle = neutron
file = 7227 particle = gamma
file = 7228 particle = gamma
file = 7229 particle = gamma
file = 7230 particle = gamma
file = 7231 particle = neutron
file = 7232 particle = gamma
file = 7233 particle = gamma
file = 7234 particle = gamma
file = 7235 particle = gamma
file = 7236 particle = gamma
file = 7237 particle = gamma
file = 7238 particle = gamma
file = 7239 particle = gamma
file = 7240 particle = gamma
file = 7241 particle = neutron
file = 7242 particle = neutron
file = 7243 particle = gamma
file = 7244 particle = gamma
file = 7245 particle = gamma
file = 7246 particle = gamma
file = 7247 particle = gamma
file = 7248 particle = gamma
file = 7249 particle = gamma
file = 7250 particle = neutron
file = 7251 particle = gamma
file = 7252 particle = neutron
file = 7253 particle = neutron
file = 7254 particle = gamma
file = 7255 particle = gamma
file = 7256 particle = neutron
file = 7257 particle = gamma
file = 7258 particle = gamma
file = 7259 particle = gamma
file = 7260 particle = gamma
file = 7261 particle = gamma
file = 7262 particle = gamma
file = 7263 particle = gamma
file = 7264 particle = gamma
file = 7265 particle = gamma
file = 7266 particle = gamma
file = 7267 particle = gamma
file = 7268 particle = gamma
file = 7269 particle = gamma
file = 7270 particle = gamma
file = 7271 particle = neutron
file = 7272 particle = gamma
file = 7273 particle = gamma
file = 7274 particle = gamma
file = 7275 particle = gamma
file = 7276 particle = gamma
file = 7277 particle = gamma
file = 7278 particle = neutron
file = 7279 particle = gamma
file = 7280 particle = gamma
file = 7281 particle = gamma
file = 7282 particle = gamma
file = 7283 particle = gamma
file = 7284 particle = gamma
file = 7285 particle = gamma
file = 7286 particle = gamma
file = 7287 particle = neutron
file = 7288 particle = gamma
file = 7289 particle = gamma
file = 7290 particle = gamma
file = 7291 particle = gamma
file = 7292 particle = neutron
file = 7293 particle = gamma
file = 7294 particle = neutron
file = 7295 particle = neutron
file = 7296 particle = gamma
file = 7297 particle = gamma
file = 7298 particle = neutron
file = 7299 particle = gamma
file = 7300 particle = gamma
file = 7301 particle = gamma
file = 7302 particle = gamma
file = 7303 particle = gamma
file = 7304 particle = gamma
file = 7305 particle = gamma
file = 7306 particle = gamma
file = 7307 particle = gamma
file = 7308 particle = neutron
file = 7309 particle = gamma
file = 7310 particle = gamma
file = 7311 particle = neutron
file = 7312 particle = neutron
file = 7313 particle = gamma
file = 7314 particle = gamma
file = 7315 particle = gamma
file = 7316 particle = gamma
file = 7317 particle = gamma
file = 7318 particle = gamma
file = 7319 particle = gamma
file = 7320 particle = gamma
file = 7321 particle = gamma
file = 7322 particle = gamma
file = 7323 particle = gamma
file = 7324 particle = gamma
file = 7325 particle = gamma
file = 7326 particle = gamma
file = 7327 particle = gamma
file = 7328 particle = gamma
file = 7329 particle = gamma
file = 7330 particle = gamma
file = 7331 particle = gamma
file = 7332 particle = gamma
file = 7333 particle = gamma
file = 7334 particle = gamma
file = 7335 particle = gamma
file = 7336 particle = gamma
file = 7337 particle = gamma
file = 7338 particle = gamma
file = 7339 particle = gamma
file = 7340 particle = gamma
file = 7341 particle = gamma
file = 7342 particle = gamma
file = 7343 particle = gamma
file = 7344 particle = gamma
file = 7345 particle = gamma
file = 7346 particle = gamma
file = 7347 particle = neutron
file = 7348 particle = gamma
file = 7349 particle = gamma
file = 7350 particle = gamma
file = 7351 particle = gamma
file = 7352 particle = gamma
file = 7353 particle = gamma
file = 7354 particle = gamma
file = 7355 particle = gamma
file = 7356 particle = neutron
file = 7357 particle = gamma
file = 7358 particle = gamma
file = 7359 particle = gamma
file = 7360 particle = gamma
file = 7361 particle = gamma
file = 7362 particle = gamma
file = 7363 particle = gamma
file = 7364 particle = gamma
file = 7365 particle = gamma
file = 7366 particle = gamma
file = 7367 particle = neutron
file = 7368 particle = gamma
file = 7369 particle = gamma
file = 7370 particle = gamma
file = 7371 particle = gamma
file = 7372 particle = neutron
file = 7373 particle = gamma
file = 7374 particle = gamma
file = 7375 particle = gamma
file = 7376 particle = gamma
file = 7377 particle = neutron
file = 7378 particle = neutron
file = 7379 particle = gamma
file = 7380 particle = neutron
file = 7381 particle = gamma
file = 7382 particle = gamma
file = 7383 particle = gamma
file = 7384 particle = gamma
file = 7385 particle = neutron
file = 7386 particle = gamma
file = 7387 particle = gamma
file = 7388 particle = neutron
file = 7389 particle = neutron
file = 7390 particle = gamma
file = 7391 particle = gamma
file = 7392 particle = gamma
file = 7393 particle = gamma
file = 7394 particle = gamma
file = 7395 particle = gamma
file = 7396 particle = gamma
file = 7397 particle = gamma
file = 7398 particle = gamma
file = 7399 particle = gamma
file = 7400 particle = gamma
file = 7401 particle = gamma
file = 7402 particle = gamma
file = 7403 particle = gamma
file = 7404 particle = neutron
file = 7405 particle = gamma
file = 7406 particle = gamma
file = 7407 particle = gamma
file = 7408 particle = neutron
file = 7409 particle = gamma
file = 7410 particle = gamma
file = 7411 particle = gamma
file = 7412 particle = gamma
file = 7413 particle = gamma
file = 7414 particle = gamma
file = 7415 particle = gamma
file = 7416 particle = gamma
file = 7417 particle = neutron
file = 7418 particle = gamma
file = 7419 particle = gamma
file = 7420 particle = gamma
file = 7421 particle = neutron
file = 7422 particle = gamma
file = 7423 particle = neutron
file = 7424 particle = gamma
file = 7425 particle = gamma
file = 7426 particle = gamma
file = 7427 particle = gamma
file = 7428 particle = gamma
file = 7429 particle = gamma
file = 7430 particle = gamma
file = 7431 particle = gamma
file = 7432 particle = gamma
file = 7433 particle = gamma
file = 7434 particle = gamma
file = 7435 particle = gamma
file = 7436 particle = gamma
file = 7437 particle = gamma
file = 7438 particle = gamma
file = 7439 particle = neutron
file = 7440 particle = gamma
file = 7441 particle = gamma
file = 7442 particle = gamma
file = 7443 particle = gamma
file = 7444 particle = gamma
file = 7445 particle = gamma
file = 7446 particle = gamma
file = 7447 particle = gamma
file = 7448 particle = gamma
file = 7449 particle = gamma
file = 7450 particle = gamma
file = 7451 particle = gamma
file = 7452 particle = gamma
file = 7453 particle = gamma
file = 7454 particle = gamma
file = 7455 particle = gamma
file = 7456 particle = gamma
file = 7457 particle = gamma
file = 7458 particle = gamma
file = 7459 particle = gamma
file = 7460 particle = gamma
file = 7461 particle = gamma
file = 7462 particle = gamma
file = 7463 particle = neutron
file = 7464 particle = gamma
file = 7465 particle = gamma
file = 7466 particle = gamma
file = 7467 particle = gamma
file = 7468 particle = gamma
file = 7469 particle = gamma
file = 7470 particle = gamma
file = 7471 particle = gamma
file = 7472 particle = gamma
file = 7473 particle = gamma
file = 7474 particle = gamma
file = 7475 particle = gamma
file = 7476 particle = gamma
file = 7477 particle = gamma
file = 7478 particle = gamma
file = 7479 particle = gamma
file = 7480 particle = gamma
file = 7481 particle = gamma
file = 7482 particle = gamma
file = 7483 particle = gamma
file = 7484 particle = gamma
file = 7485 particle = gamma
file = 7486 particle = gamma
file = 7487 particle = gamma
file = 7488 particle = gamma
file = 7489 particle = gamma
file = 7490 particle = neutron
file = 7491 particle = gamma
file = 7492 particle = gamma
file = 7493 particle = gamma
file = 7494 particle = gamma
file = 7495 particle = gamma
file = 7496 particle = gamma
file = 7497 particle = gamma
file = 7498 particle = gamma
file = 7499 particle = gamma
file = 7500 particle = gamma
file = 7501 particle = gamma
file = 7502 particle = gamma
file = 7503 particle = gamma
file = 7504 particle = neutron
file = 7505 particle = gamma
file = 7506 particle = gamma
file = 7507 particle = neutron
file = 7508 particle = gamma
file = 7509 particle = gamma
file = 7510 particle = gamma
file = 7511 particle = gamma
file = 7512 particle = neutron
file = 7513 particle = neutron
file = 7514 particle = gamma
file = 7515 particle = gamma
file = 7516 particle = gamma
file = 7517 particle = gamma
file = 7518 particle = gamma
file = 7519 particle = gamma
file = 7520 particle = gamma
file = 7521 particle = gamma
file = 7522 particle = gamma
file = 7523 particle = gamma
file = 7524 particle = gamma
file = 7525 particle = gamma
file = 7526 particle = gamma
file = 7527 particle = gamma
file = 7528 particle = gamma
file = 7529 particle = neutron
file = 7530 particle = gamma
file = 7531 particle = gamma
file = 7532 particle = neutron
file = 7533 particle = gamma
file = 7534 particle = gamma
file = 7535 particle = gamma
file = 7536 particle = gamma
file = 7537 particle = gamma
file = 7538 particle = gamma
file = 7539 particle = neutron
file = 7540 particle = gamma
file = 7541 particle = gamma
file = 7542 particle = neutron
file = 7543 particle = gamma
file = 7544 particle = gamma
file = 7545 particle = neutron
file = 7546 particle = neutron
file = 7547 particle = neutron
file = 7548 particle = gamma
file = 7549 particle = neutron
file = 7550 particle = gamma
file = 7551 particle = neutron
file = 7552 particle = gamma
file = 7553 particle = gamma
file = 7554 particle = gamma
file = 7555 particle = gamma
file = 7556 particle = gamma
file = 7557 particle = gamma
file = 7558 particle = gamma
file = 7559 particle = gamma
file = 7560 particle = gamma
file = 7561 particle = gamma
file = 7562 particle = gamma
file = 7563 particle = gamma
file = 7564 particle = gamma
file = 7565 particle = neutron
file = 7566 particle = gamma
file = 7567 particle = gamma
file = 7568 particle = gamma
file = 7569 particle = gamma
file = 7570 particle = gamma
file = 7571 particle = neutron
file = 7572 particle = neutron
file = 7573 particle = gamma
file = 7574 particle = gamma
file = 7575 particle = gamma
file = 7576 particle = gamma
file = 7577 particle = neutron
file = 7578 particle = gamma
file = 7579 particle = gamma
file = 7580 particle = gamma
file = 7581 particle = gamma
file = 7582 particle = gamma
file = 7583 particle = gamma
file = 7584 particle = neutron
file = 7585 particle = gamma
file = 7586 particle = gamma
file = 7587 particle = gamma
file = 7588 particle = gamma
file = 7589 particle = gamma
file = 7590 particle = neutron
file = 7591 particle = gamma
file = 7592 particle = neutron
file = 7593 particle = gamma
file = 7594 particle = neutron
file = 7595 particle = gamma
file = 7596 particle = gamma
file = 7597 particle = gamma
file = 7598 particle = neutron
file = 7599 particle = gamma
file = 7600 particle = gamma
file = 7601 particle = gamma
file = 7602 particle = neutron
file = 7603 particle = gamma
file = 7604 particle = gamma
file = 7605 particle = gamma
file = 7606 particle = gamma
file = 7607 particle = gamma
file = 7608 particle = gamma
file = 7609 particle = gamma
file = 7610 particle = neutron
file = 7611 particle = gamma
file = 7612 particle = neutron
file = 7613 particle = gamma
file = 7614 particle = gamma
file = 7615 particle = gamma
file = 7616 particle = gamma
file = 7617 particle = gamma
file = 7618 particle = gamma
file = 7619 particle = neutron
file = 7620 particle = gamma
file = 7621 particle = gamma
file = 7622 particle = neutron
file = 7623 particle = gamma
file = 7624 particle = gamma
file = 7625 particle = gamma
file = 7626 particle = gamma
file = 7627 particle = gamma
file = 7628 particle = gamma
file = 7629 particle = neutron
file = 7630 particle = gamma
file = 7631 particle = gamma
file = 7632 particle = gamma
file = 7633 particle = gamma
file = 7634 particle = gamma
file = 7635 particle = gamma
file = 7636 particle = gamma
file = 7637 particle = neutron
file = 7638 particle = gamma
file = 7639 particle = gamma
file = 7640 particle = gamma
file = 7641 particle = neutron
file = 7642 particle = gamma
file = 7643 particle = gamma
file = 7644 particle = gamma
file = 7645 particle = gamma
file = 7646 particle = gamma
file = 7647 particle = gamma
file = 7648 particle = gamma
file = 7649 particle = gamma
file = 7650 particle = gamma
file = 7651 particle = neutron
file = 7652 particle = gamma
file = 7653 particle = neutron
file = 7654 particle = gamma
file = 7655 particle = gamma
file = 7656 particle = gamma
file = 7657 particle = gamma
file = 7658 particle = neutron
file = 7659 particle = gamma
file = 7660 particle = gamma
file = 7661 particle = gamma
file = 7662 particle = neutron
file = 7663 particle = gamma
file = 7664 particle = gamma
file = 7665 particle = gamma
file = 7666 particle = gamma
file = 7667 particle = gamma
file = 7668 particle = gamma
file = 7669 particle = neutron
file = 7670 particle = gamma
file = 7671 particle = gamma
file = 7672 particle = gamma
file = 7673 particle = neutron
file = 7674 particle = neutron
file = 7675 particle = gamma
file = 7676 particle = gamma
file = 7677 particle = neutron
file = 7678 particle = gamma
file = 7679 particle = gamma
file = 7680 particle = gamma
file = 7681 particle = gamma
file = 7682 particle = gamma
file = 7683 particle = gamma
file = 7684 particle = gamma
file = 7685 particle = neutron
file = 7686 particle = gamma
file = 7687 particle = gamma
file = 7688 particle = gamma
file = 7689 particle = neutron
file = 7690 particle = gamma
file = 7691 particle = neutron
file = 7692 particle = gamma
file = 7693 particle = gamma
file = 7694 particle = gamma
file = 7695 particle = gamma
file = 7696 particle = neutron
file = 7697 particle = gamma
file = 7698 particle = gamma
file = 7699 particle = gamma
file = 7700 particle = gamma
file = 7701 particle = gamma
file = 7702 particle = gamma
file = 7703 particle = gamma
file = 7704 particle = gamma
file = 7705 particle = gamma
file = 7706 particle = gamma
file = 7707 particle = gamma
file = 7708 particle = neutron
file = 7709 particle = gamma
file = 7710 particle = gamma
file = 7711 particle = gamma
file = 7712 particle = gamma
file = 7713 particle = gamma
file = 7714 particle = gamma
file = 7715 particle = gamma
file = 7716 particle = gamma
file = 7717 particle = gamma
file = 7718 particle = gamma
file = 7719 particle = gamma
file = 7720 particle = gamma
file = 7721 particle = gamma
file = 7722 particle = gamma
file = 7723 particle = neutron
file = 7724 particle = gamma
file = 7725 particle = gamma
file = 7726 particle = gamma
file = 7727 particle = gamma
file = 7728 particle = gamma
file = 7729 particle = gamma
file = 7730 particle = gamma
file = 7731 particle = neutron
file = 7732 particle = gamma
file = 7733 particle = neutron
file = 7734 particle = gamma
file = 7735 particle = gamma
file = 7736 particle = gamma
file = 7737 particle = gamma
file = 7738 particle = gamma
file = 7739 particle = neutron
file = 7740 particle = neutron
file = 7741 particle = gamma
file = 7742 particle = gamma
file = 7743 particle = gamma
file = 7744 particle = gamma
file = 7745 particle = gamma
file = 7746 particle = gamma
file = 7747 particle = gamma
file = 7748 particle = gamma
file = 7749 particle = gamma
file = 7750 particle = gamma
file = 7751 particle = gamma
file = 7752 particle = gamma
file = 7753 particle = gamma
file = 7754 particle = gamma
file = 7755 particle = gamma
file = 7756 particle = gamma
file = 7757 particle = gamma
file = 7758 particle = gamma
file = 7759 particle = gamma
file = 7760 particle = gamma
file = 7761 particle = neutron
file = 7762 particle = gamma
file = 7763 particle = neutron
file = 7764 particle = gamma
file = 7765 particle = gamma
file = 7766 particle = gamma
file = 7767 particle = gamma
file = 7768 particle = gamma
file = 7769 particle = gamma
file = 7770 particle = gamma
file = 7771 particle = neutron
file = 7772 particle = gamma
file = 7773 particle = gamma
file = 7774 particle = gamma
file = 7775 particle = gamma
file = 7776 particle = gamma
file = 7777 particle = gamma
file = 7778 particle = gamma
file = 7779 particle = gamma
file = 7780 particle = neutron
file = 7781 particle = gamma
file = 7782 particle = neutron
file = 7783 particle = gamma
file = 7784 particle = gamma
file = 7785 particle = gamma
file = 7786 particle = neutron
file = 7787 particle = gamma
file = 7788 particle = gamma
file = 7789 particle = gamma
file = 7790 particle = gamma
file = 7791 particle = gamma
file = 7792 particle = gamma
file = 7793 particle = gamma
file = 7794 particle = gamma
file = 7795 particle = gamma
file = 7796 particle = gamma
file = 7797 particle = gamma
file = 7798 particle = gamma
file = 7799 particle = gamma
file = 7800 particle = gamma
file = 7801 particle = gamma
file = 7802 particle = gamma
file = 7803 particle = gamma
file = 7804 particle = gamma
file = 7805 particle = gamma
file = 7806 particle = gamma
file = 7807 particle = gamma
file = 7808 particle = gamma
file = 7809 particle = neutron
file = 7810 particle = gamma
file = 7811 particle = gamma
file = 7812 particle = gamma
file = 7813 particle = gamma
file = 7814 particle = gamma
file = 7815 particle = gamma
file = 7816 particle = gamma
file = 7817 particle = gamma
file = 7818 particle = gamma
file = 7819 particle = neutron
file = 7820 particle = gamma
file = 7821 particle = gamma
file = 7822 particle = gamma
file = 7823 particle = gamma
file = 7824 particle = gamma
file = 7825 particle = gamma
file = 7826 particle = gamma
file = 7827 particle = gamma
file = 7828 particle = gamma
file = 7829 particle = gamma
file = 7830 particle = gamma
file = 7831 particle = gamma
file = 7832 particle = gamma
file = 7833 particle = gamma
file = 7834 particle = gamma
file = 7835 particle = gamma
file = 7836 particle = gamma
file = 7837 particle = gamma
file = 7838 particle = gamma
file = 7839 particle = neutron
file = 7840 particle = neutron
file = 7841 particle = gamma
file = 7842 particle = neutron
file = 7843 particle = neutron
file = 7844 particle = gamma
file = 7845 particle = gamma
file = 7846 particle = gamma
file = 7847 particle = gamma
file = 7848 particle = gamma
file = 7849 particle = gamma
file = 7850 particle = neutron
file = 7851 particle = gamma
file = 7852 particle = gamma
file = 7853 particle = gamma
file = 7854 particle = gamma
file = 7855 particle = gamma
file = 7856 particle = gamma
file = 7857 particle = gamma
file = 7858 particle = gamma
file = 7859 particle = gamma
file = 7860 particle = gamma
file = 7861 particle = gamma
file = 7862 particle = gamma
file = 7863 particle = gamma
file = 7864 particle = gamma
file = 7865 particle = gamma
file = 7866 particle = gamma
file = 7867 particle = gamma
file = 7868 particle = gamma
file = 7869 particle = gamma
file = 7870 particle = neutron
file = 7871 particle = gamma
file = 7872 particle = gamma
file = 7873 particle = neutron
file = 7874 particle = neutron
file = 7875 particle = gamma
file = 7876 particle = gamma
file = 7877 particle = neutron
file = 7878 particle = gamma
file = 7879 particle = gamma
file = 7880 particle = gamma
file = 7881 particle = gamma
file = 7882 particle = gamma
file = 7883 particle = gamma
file = 7884 particle = gamma
file = 7885 particle = gamma
file = 7886 particle = gamma
file = 7887 particle = neutron
file = 7888 particle = gamma
file = 7889 particle = gamma
file = 7890 particle = gamma
file = 7891 particle = gamma
file = 7892 particle = gamma
file = 7893 particle = gamma
file = 7894 particle = gamma
file = 7895 particle = gamma
file = 7896 particle = gamma
file = 7897 particle = neutron
file = 7898 particle = gamma
file = 7899 particle = gamma
file = 7900 particle = gamma
file = 7901 particle = gamma
file = 7902 particle = gamma
file = 7903 particle = neutron
file = 7904 particle = gamma
file = 7905 particle = gamma
file = 7906 particle = gamma
file = 7907 particle = gamma
file = 7908 particle = gamma
file = 7909 particle = gamma
file = 7910 particle = gamma
file = 7911 particle = gamma
file = 7912 particle = gamma
file = 7913 particle = neutron
file = 7914 particle = gamma
file = 7915 particle = gamma
file = 7916 particle = gamma
file = 7917 particle = gamma
file = 7918 particle = gamma
file = 7919 particle = gamma
file = 7920 particle = gamma
file = 7921 particle = gamma
file = 7922 particle = gamma
file = 7923 particle = gamma
file = 7924 particle = gamma
file = 7925 particle = gamma
file = 7926 particle = gamma
file = 7927 particle = neutron
file = 7928 particle = gamma
file = 7929 particle = gamma
file = 7930 particle = gamma
file = 7931 particle = gamma
file = 7932 particle = neutron
file = 7933 particle = gamma
file = 7934 particle = neutron
file = 7935 particle = gamma
file = 7936 particle = gamma
file = 7937 particle = neutron
file = 7938 particle = gamma
file = 7939 particle = gamma
file = 7940 particle = gamma
file = 7941 particle = gamma
file = 7942 particle = gamma
file = 7943 particle = neutron
file = 7944 particle = neutron
file = 7945 particle = gamma
file = 7946 particle = gamma
file = 7947 particle = neutron
file = 7948 particle = gamma
file = 7949 particle = gamma
file = 7950 particle = gamma
file = 7951 particle = neutron
file = 7952 particle = gamma
file = 7953 particle = gamma
file = 7954 particle = gamma
file = 7955 particle = neutron
file = 7956 particle = gamma
file = 7957 particle = gamma
file = 7958 particle = gamma
file = 7959 particle = gamma
file = 7960 particle = gamma
file = 7961 particle = gamma
file = 7962 particle = gamma
file = 7963 particle = gamma
file = 7964 particle = gamma
file = 7965 particle = gamma
file = 7966 particle = gamma
file = 7967 particle = gamma
file = 7968 particle = gamma
file = 7969 particle = gamma
file = 7970 particle = gamma
file = 7971 particle = gamma
file = 7972 particle = gamma
file = 7973 particle = gamma
file = 7974 particle = gamma
file = 7975 particle = gamma
file = 7976 particle = gamma
file = 7977 particle = gamma
file = 7978 particle = gamma
file = 7979 particle = neutron
file = 7980 particle = gamma
file = 7981 particle = gamma
file = 7982 particle = gamma
file = 7983 particle = gamma
file = 7984 particle = gamma
file = 7985 particle = gamma
file = 7986 particle = gamma
file = 7987 particle = gamma
file = 7988 particle = gamma
file = 7989 particle = gamma
file = 7990 particle = gamma
file = 7991 particle = neutron
file = 7992 particle = neutron
file = 7993 particle = neutron
file = 7994 particle = gamma
file = 7995 particle = gamma
file = 7996 particle = gamma
file = 7997 particle = gamma
file = 7998 particle = gamma
file = 7999 particle = gamma
file = 8000 particle = gamma
file = 8001 particle = gamma
file = 8002 particle = gamma
file = 8003 particle = gamma
file = 8004 particle = gamma
file = 8005 particle = gamma
file = 8006 particle = neutron
file = 8007 particle = gamma
file = 8008 particle = gamma
file = 8009 particle = gamma
file = 8010 particle = gamma
file = 8011 particle = gamma
file = 8012 particle = gamma
file = 8013 particle = gamma
file = 8014 particle = gamma
file = 8015 particle = gamma
file = 8016 particle = gamma
file = 8017 particle = gamma
file = 8018 particle = gamma
file = 8019 particle = neutron
file = 8020 particle = neutron
file = 8021 particle = gamma
file = 8022 particle = gamma
file = 8023 particle = gamma
file = 8024 particle = neutron
file = 8025 particle = gamma
file = 8026 particle = neutron
file = 8027 particle = gamma
file = 8028 particle = gamma
file = 8029 particle = gamma
file = 8030 particle = gamma
file = 8031 particle = gamma
file = 8032 particle = neutron
file = 8033 particle = gamma
file = 8034 particle = gamma
file = 8035 particle = gamma
file = 8036 particle = gamma
file = 8037 particle = gamma
file = 8038 particle = gamma
file = 8039 particle = gamma
file = 8040 particle = gamma
file = 8041 particle = gamma
file = 8042 particle = gamma
file = 8043 particle = gamma
file = 8044 particle = gamma
file = 8045 particle = gamma
file = 8046 particle = gamma
file = 8047 particle = gamma
file = 8048 particle = gamma
file = 8049 particle = gamma
file = 8050 particle = gamma
file = 8051 particle = neutron
file = 8052 particle = neutron
file = 8053 particle = gamma
file = 8054 particle = gamma
file = 8055 particle = neutron
file = 8056 particle = gamma
file = 8057 particle = neutron
file = 8058 particle = gamma
file = 8059 particle = gamma
file = 8060 particle = gamma
file = 8061 particle = gamma
file = 8062 particle = gamma
file = 8063 particle = gamma
file = 8064 particle = gamma
file = 8065 particle = gamma
file = 8066 particle = gamma
file = 8067 particle = gamma
file = 8068 particle = neutron
file = 8069 particle = neutron
file = 8070 particle = gamma
file = 8071 particle = gamma
file = 8072 particle = gamma
file = 8073 particle = gamma
file = 8074 particle = gamma
file = 8075 particle = gamma
file = 8076 particle = gamma
file = 8077 particle = gamma
file = 8078 particle = gamma
file = 8079 particle = gamma
file = 8080 particle = gamma
file = 8081 particle = gamma
file = 8082 particle = gamma
file = 8083 particle = gamma
file = 8084 particle = gamma
file = 8085 particle = gamma
file = 8086 particle = gamma
file = 8087 particle = gamma
file = 8088 particle = gamma
file = 8089 particle = gamma
file = 8090 particle = gamma
file = 8091 particle = gamma
file = 8092 particle = gamma
file = 8093 particle = gamma
file = 8094 particle = gamma
file = 8095 particle = gamma
file = 8096 particle = neutron
file = 8097 particle = gamma
file = 8098 particle = gamma
file = 8099 particle = gamma
file = 8100 particle = gamma
file = 8101 particle = neutron
file = 8102 particle = gamma
file = 8103 particle = gamma
file = 8104 particle = gamma
file = 8105 particle = gamma
file = 8106 particle = gamma
file = 8107 particle = gamma
file = 8108 particle = gamma
file = 8109 particle = gamma
file = 8110 particle = gamma
file = 8111 particle = gamma
file = 8112 particle = gamma
file = 8113 particle = gamma
file = 8114 particle = gamma
file = 8115 particle = gamma
file = 8116 particle = gamma
file = 8117 particle = neutron
file = 8118 particle = neutron
file = 8119 particle = gamma
file = 8120 particle = gamma
file = 8121 particle = gamma
file = 8122 particle = gamma
file = 8123 particle = gamma
file = 8124 particle = gamma
file = 8125 particle = gamma
file = 8126 particle = gamma
file = 8127 particle = neutron
file = 8128 particle = gamma
file = 8129 particle = neutron
file = 8130 particle = gamma
file = 8131 particle = gamma
file = 8132 particle = gamma
file = 8133 particle = gamma
file = 8134 particle = gamma
file = 8135 particle = gamma
file = 8136 particle = neutron
file = 8137 particle = gamma
file = 8138 particle = gamma
file = 8139 particle = gamma
file = 8140 particle = gamma
file = 8141 particle = gamma
file = 8142 particle = gamma
file = 8143 particle = gamma
file = 8144 particle = gamma
file = 8145 particle = neutron
file = 8146 particle = gamma
file = 8147 particle = gamma
file = 8148 particle = neutron
file = 8149 particle = neutron
file = 8150 particle = gamma
file = 8151 particle = gamma
file = 8152 particle = gamma
file = 8153 particle = neutron
file = 8154 particle = gamma
file = 8155 particle = gamma
file = 8156 particle = gamma
file = 8157 particle = gamma
file = 8158 particle = gamma
file = 8159 particle = gamma
file = 8160 particle = gamma
file = 8161 particle = gamma
file = 8162 particle = gamma
file = 8163 particle = neutron
file = 8164 particle = neutron
file = 8165 particle = gamma
file = 8166 particle = gamma
file = 8167 particle = gamma
file = 8168 particle = gamma
file = 8169 particle = neutron
file = 8170 particle = gamma
file = 8171 particle = neutron
file = 8172 particle = gamma
file = 8173 particle = gamma
file = 8174 particle = gamma
file = 8175 particle = gamma
file = 8176 particle = gamma
file = 8177 particle = gamma
file = 8178 particle = gamma
file = 8179 particle = gamma
file = 8180 particle = gamma
file = 8181 particle = neutron
file = 8182 particle = gamma
file = 8183 particle = gamma
file = 8184 particle = gamma
file = 8185 particle = gamma
file = 8186 particle = gamma
file = 8187 particle = gamma
file = 8188 particle = gamma
file = 8189 particle = gamma
file = 8190 particle = gamma
file = 8191 particle = gamma
file = 8192 particle = gamma
file = 8193 particle = gamma
file = 8194 particle = gamma
file = 8195 particle = gamma
file = 8196 particle = gamma
file = 8197 particle = gamma
file = 8198 particle = gamma
file = 8199 particle = gamma
file = 8200 particle = gamma
file = 8201 particle = gamma
file = 8202 particle = gamma
file = 8203 particle = gamma
file = 8204 particle = gamma
file = 8205 particle = gamma
file = 8206 particle = gamma
file = 8207 particle = gamma
file = 8208 particle = gamma
file = 8209 particle = gamma
file = 8210 particle = gamma
file = 8211 particle = gamma
file = 8212 particle = gamma
file = 8213 particle = gamma
file = 8214 particle = gamma
file = 8215 particle = gamma
file = 8216 particle = gamma
file = 8217 particle = gamma
file = 8218 particle = neutron
file = 8219 particle = gamma
file = 8220 particle = gamma
file = 8221 particle = gamma
file = 8222 particle = gamma
file = 8223 particle = gamma
file = 8224 particle = gamma
file = 8225 particle = gamma
file = 8226 particle = gamma
file = 8227 particle = gamma
file = 8228 particle = gamma
file = 8229 particle = gamma
file = 8230 particle = gamma
file = 8231 particle = gamma
file = 8232 particle = gamma
file = 8233 particle = neutron
file = 8234 particle = gamma
file = 8235 particle = gamma
file = 8236 particle = neutron
file = 8237 particle = gamma
file = 8238 particle = gamma
file = 8239 particle = gamma
file = 8240 particle = gamma
file = 8241 particle = gamma
file = 8242 particle = gamma
file = 8243 particle = neutron
file = 8244 particle = gamma
file = 8245 particle = gamma
file = 8246 particle = gamma
file = 8247 particle = gamma
file = 8248 particle = gamma
file = 8249 particle = gamma
file = 8250 particle = gamma
file = 8251 particle = gamma
file = 8252 particle = gamma
file = 8253 particle = gamma
file = 8254 particle = gamma
file = 8255 particle = gamma
file = 8256 particle = neutron
file = 8257 particle = gamma
file = 8258 particle = gamma
file = 8259 particle = gamma
file = 8260 particle = gamma
file = 8261 particle = gamma
file = 8262 particle = gamma
file = 8263 particle = gamma
file = 8264 particle = gamma
file = 8265 particle = gamma
file = 8266 particle = gamma
file = 8267 particle = gamma
file = 8268 particle = gamma
file = 8269 particle = neutron
file = 8270 particle = gamma
file = 8271 particle = gamma
file = 8272 particle = gamma
file = 8273 particle = gamma
file = 8274 particle = gamma
file = 8275 particle = gamma
file = 8276 particle = gamma
file = 8277 particle = neutron
file = 8278 particle = neutron
file = 8279 particle = gamma
file = 8280 particle = neutron
file = 8281 particle = neutron
file = 8282 particle = gamma
file = 8283 particle = gamma
file = 8284 particle = gamma
file = 8285 particle = gamma
file = 8286 particle = gamma
file = 8287 particle = neutron
file = 8288 particle = gamma
file = 8289 particle = gamma
file = 8290 particle = gamma
file = 8291 particle = gamma
file = 8292 particle = gamma
file = 8293 particle = gamma
file = 8294 particle = gamma
file = 8295 particle = gamma
file = 8296 particle = neutron
file = 8297 particle = gamma
file = 8298 particle = gamma
file = 8299 particle = gamma
file = 8300 particle = neutron
file = 8301 particle = neutron
file = 8302 particle = neutron
file = 8303 particle = gamma
file = 8304 particle = gamma
file = 8305 particle = gamma
file = 8306 particle = gamma
file = 8307 particle = gamma
file = 8308 particle = gamma
file = 8309 particle = gamma
file = 8310 particle = neutron
file = 8311 particle = gamma
file = 8312 particle = gamma
file = 8313 particle = gamma
file = 8314 particle = neutron
file = 8315 particle = neutron
file = 8316 particle = gamma
file = 8317 particle = gamma
file = 8318 particle = gamma
file = 8319 particle = gamma
file = 8320 particle = gamma
file = 8321 particle = gamma
file = 8322 particle = gamma
file = 8323 particle = neutron
file = 8324 particle = gamma
file = 8325 particle = gamma
file = 8326 particle = neutron
file = 8327 particle = gamma
file = 8328 particle = gamma
file = 8329 particle = gamma
file = 8330 particle = gamma
file = 8331 particle = gamma
file = 8332 particle = gamma
file = 8333 particle = neutron
file = 8334 particle = gamma
file = 8335 particle = gamma
file = 8336 particle = gamma
file = 8337 particle = gamma
file = 8338 particle = gamma
file = 8339 particle = gamma
file = 8340 particle = gamma
file = 8341 particle = gamma
file = 8342 particle = gamma
file = 8343 particle = gamma
file = 8344 particle = gamma
file = 8345 particle = neutron
file = 8346 particle = gamma
file = 8347 particle = neutron
file = 8348 particle = neutron
file = 8349 particle = gamma
file = 8350 particle = gamma
file = 8351 particle = gamma
file = 8352 particle = gamma
file = 8353 particle = gamma
file = 8354 particle = gamma
file = 8355 particle = gamma
file = 8356 particle = gamma
file = 8357 particle = gamma
file = 8358 particle = gamma
file = 8359 particle = neutron
file = 8360 particle = gamma
file = 8361 particle = gamma
file = 8362 particle = gamma
file = 8363 particle = gamma
file = 8364 particle = gamma
file = 8365 particle = gamma
file = 8366 particle = neutron
file = 8367 particle = gamma
file = 8368 particle = gamma
file = 8369 particle = gamma
file = 8370 particle = gamma
file = 8371 particle = gamma
file = 8372 particle = gamma
file = 8373 particle = gamma
file = 8374 particle = neutron
file = 8375 particle = gamma
file = 8376 particle = neutron
file = 8377 particle = gamma
file = 8378 particle = neutron
file = 8379 particle = gamma
file = 8380 particle = neutron
file = 8381 particle = gamma
file = 8382 particle = gamma
file = 8383 particle = gamma
file = 8384 particle = gamma
file = 8385 particle = gamma
file = 8386 particle = gamma
file = 8387 particle = gamma
file = 8388 particle = neutron
file = 8389 particle = gamma
file = 8390 particle = gamma
file = 8391 particle = gamma
file = 8392 particle = gamma
file = 8393 particle = gamma
file = 8394 particle = gamma
file = 8395 particle = gamma
file = 8396 particle = gamma
file = 8397 particle = gamma
file = 8398 particle = gamma
file = 8399 particle = neutron
file = 8400 particle = gamma
file = 8401 particle = gamma
file = 8402 particle = gamma
file = 8403 particle = gamma
file = 8404 particle = gamma
file = 8405 particle = gamma
file = 8406 particle = gamma
file = 8407 particle = gamma
file = 8408 particle = gamma
file = 8409 particle = gamma
file = 8410 particle = gamma
file = 8411 particle = gamma
file = 8412 particle = gamma
file = 8413 particle = gamma
file = 8414 particle = neutron
file = 8415 particle = gamma
file = 8416 particle = gamma
file = 8417 particle = gamma
file = 8418 particle = gamma
file = 8419 particle = gamma
file = 8420 particle = neutron
file = 8421 particle = gamma
file = 8422 particle = neutron
file = 8423 particle = neutron
file = 8424 particle = gamma
file = 8425 particle = gamma
file = 8426 particle = gamma
file = 8427 particle = gamma
file = 8428 particle = gamma
file = 8429 particle = gamma
file = 8430 particle = gamma
file = 8431 particle = gamma
file = 8432 particle = gamma
file = 8433 particle = neutron
file = 8434 particle = gamma
file = 8435 particle = gamma
file = 8436 particle = gamma
file = 8437 particle = neutron
file = 8438 particle = gamma
file = 8439 particle = neutron
file = 8440 particle = gamma
file = 8441 particle = neutron
file = 8442 particle = gamma
file = 8443 particle = neutron
file = 8444 particle = gamma
file = 8445 particle = gamma
file = 8446 particle = gamma
file = 8447 particle = gamma
file = 8448 particle = gamma
file = 8449 particle = gamma
file = 8450 particle = gamma
file = 8451 particle = gamma
file = 8452 particle = gamma
file = 8453 particle = neutron
file = 8454 particle = gamma
file = 8455 particle = gamma
file = 8456 particle = neutron
file = 8457 particle = gamma
file = 8458 particle = gamma
file = 8459 particle = neutron
file = 8460 particle = gamma
file = 8461 particle = neutron
file = 8462 particle = gamma
file = 8463 particle = gamma
file = 8464 particle = gamma
file = 8465 particle = gamma
file = 8466 particle = gamma
file = 8467 particle = gamma
file = 8468 particle = gamma
file = 8469 particle = gamma
file = 8470 particle = gamma
file = 8471 particle = gamma
file = 8472 particle = gamma
file = 8473 particle = gamma
file = 8474 particle = gamma
file = 8475 particle = gamma
file = 8476 particle = gamma
file = 8477 particle = gamma
file = 8478 particle = gamma
file = 8479 particle = gamma
file = 8480 particle = gamma
file = 8481 particle = gamma
file = 8482 particle = gamma
file = 8483 particle = gamma
file = 8484 particle = neutron
file = 8485 particle = gamma
file = 8486 particle = gamma
file = 8487 particle = gamma
file = 8488 particle = gamma
file = 8489 particle = gamma
file = 8490 particle = gamma
file = 8491 particle = gamma
file = 8492 particle = neutron
file = 8493 particle = gamma
file = 8494 particle = gamma
file = 8495 particle = gamma
file = 8496 particle = gamma
file = 8497 particle = neutron
file = 8498 particle = gamma
file = 8499 particle = gamma
file = 8500 particle = neutron
file = 8501 particle = gamma
file = 8502 particle = gamma
file = 8503 particle = gamma
file = 8504 particle = gamma
file = 8505 particle = gamma
file = 8506 particle = gamma
file = 8507 particle = gamma
file = 8508 particle = gamma
file = 8509 particle = gamma
file = 8510 particle = gamma
file = 8511 particle = gamma
file = 8512 particle = gamma
file = 8513 particle = gamma
file = 8514 particle = gamma
file = 8515 particle = gamma
file = 8516 particle = gamma
file = 8517 particle = gamma
file = 8518 particle = gamma
file = 8519 particle = gamma
file = 8520 particle = gamma
file = 8521 particle = gamma
file = 8522 particle = gamma
file = 8523 particle = neutron
file = 8524 particle = gamma
file = 8525 particle = gamma
file = 8526 particle = gamma
file = 8527 particle = gamma
file = 8528 particle = neutron
file = 8529 particle = gamma
file = 8530 particle = neutron
file = 8531 particle = gamma
file = 8532 particle = gamma
file = 8533 particle = gamma
file = 8534 particle = neutron
file = 8535 particle = gamma
file = 8536 particle = gamma
file = 8537 particle = neutron
file = 8538 particle = gamma
file = 8539 particle = gamma
file = 8540 particle = neutron
file = 8541 particle = gamma
file = 8542 particle = gamma
file = 8543 particle = gamma
file = 8544 particle = gamma
file = 8545 particle = gamma
file = 8546 particle = gamma
file = 8547 particle = gamma
file = 8548 particle = gamma
file = 8549 particle = gamma
file = 8550 particle = gamma
file = 8551 particle = gamma
file = 8552 particle = gamma
file = 8553 particle = gamma
file = 8554 particle = gamma
file = 8555 particle = gamma
file = 8556 particle = gamma
file = 8557 particle = gamma
file = 8558 particle = neutron
file = 8559 particle = gamma
file = 8560 particle = neutron
file = 8561 particle = gamma
file = 8562 particle = gamma
file = 8563 particle = neutron
file = 8564 particle = gamma
file = 8565 particle = neutron
file = 8566 particle = gamma
file = 8567 particle = gamma
file = 8568 particle = gamma
file = 8569 particle = gamma
file = 8570 particle = gamma
file = 8571 particle = gamma
file = 8572 particle = gamma
file = 8573 particle = neutron
file = 8574 particle = gamma
file = 8575 particle = gamma
file = 8576 particle = gamma
file = 8577 particle = gamma
file = 8578 particle = neutron
file = 8579 particle = gamma
file = 8580 particle = neutron
file = 8581 particle = gamma
file = 8582 particle = gamma
file = 8583 particle = gamma
file = 8584 particle = gamma
file = 8585 particle = gamma
file = 8586 particle = neutron
file = 8587 particle = gamma
file = 8588 particle = gamma
file = 8589 particle = gamma
file = 8590 particle = gamma
file = 8591 particle = neutron
file = 8592 particle = gamma
file = 8593 particle = gamma
file = 8594 particle = gamma
file = 8595 particle = gamma
file = 8596 particle = gamma
file = 8597 particle = neutron
file = 8598 particle = gamma
file = 8599 particle = gamma
file = 8600 particle = gamma
file = 8601 particle = gamma
file = 8602 particle = gamma
file = 8603 particle = gamma
file = 8604 particle = neutron
file = 8605 particle = gamma
file = 8606 particle = gamma
file = 8607 particle = gamma
file = 8608 particle = gamma
file = 8609 particle = gamma
file = 8610 particle = gamma
file = 8611 particle = gamma
file = 8612 particle = neutron
file = 8613 particle = gamma
file = 8614 particle = gamma
file = 8615 particle = gamma
file = 8616 particle = gamma
file = 8617 particle = gamma
file = 8618 particle = gamma
file = 8619 particle = gamma
file = 8620 particle = gamma
file = 8621 particle = gamma
file = 8622 particle = gamma
file = 8623 particle = gamma
file = 8624 particle = gamma
file = 8625 particle = neutron
file = 8626 particle = neutron
file = 8627 particle = gamma
file = 8628 particle = gamma
file = 8629 particle = gamma
file = 8630 particle = gamma
file = 8631 particle = gamma
file = 8632 particle = gamma
file = 8633 particle = gamma
file = 8634 particle = gamma
file = 8635 particle = gamma
file = 8636 particle = gamma
file = 8637 particle = gamma
file = 8638 particle = neutron
file = 8639 particle = gamma
file = 8640 particle = gamma
file = 8641 particle = gamma
file = 8642 particle = gamma
file = 8643 particle = gamma
file = 8644 particle = gamma
file = 8645 particle = gamma
file = 8646 particle = gamma
file = 8647 particle = gamma
file = 8648 particle = gamma
file = 8649 particle = neutron
file = 8650 particle = gamma
file = 8651 particle = gamma
file = 8652 particle = gamma
file = 8653 particle = neutron
file = 8654 particle = gamma
file = 8655 particle = gamma
file = 8656 particle = neutron
file = 8657 particle = gamma
file = 8658 particle = gamma
file = 8659 particle = gamma
file = 8660 particle = neutron
file = 8661 particle = gamma
file = 8662 particle = gamma
file = 8663 particle = gamma
file = 8664 particle = gamma
file = 8665 particle = gamma
file = 8666 particle = gamma
file = 8667 particle = neutron
file = 8668 particle = gamma
file = 8669 particle = gamma
file = 8670 particle = gamma
file = 8671 particle = neutron
file = 8672 particle = gamma
file = 8673 particle = gamma
file = 8674 particle = neutron
file = 8675 particle = gamma
file = 8676 particle = gamma
file = 8677 particle = gamma
file = 8678 particle = neutron
file = 8679 particle = gamma
file = 8680 particle = gamma
file = 8681 particle = gamma
file = 8682 particle = gamma
file = 8683 particle = gamma
file = 8684 particle = neutron
file = 8685 particle = gamma
file = 8686 particle = neutron
file = 8687 particle = gamma
file = 8688 particle = gamma
file = 8689 particle = neutron
file = 8690 particle = gamma
file = 8691 particle = neutron
file = 8692 particle = gamma
file = 8693 particle = neutron
file = 8694 particle = gamma
file = 8695 particle = gamma
file = 8696 particle = gamma
file = 8697 particle = gamma
file = 8698 particle = neutron
file = 8699 particle = gamma
file = 8700 particle = gamma
file = 8701 particle = gamma
file = 8702 particle = neutron
file = 8703 particle = gamma
file = 8704 particle = gamma
file = 8705 particle = gamma
file = 8706 particle = gamma
file = 8707 particle = gamma
file = 8708 particle = neutron
file = 8709 particle = gamma
file = 8710 particle = gamma
file = 8711 particle = gamma
file = 8712 particle = gamma
file = 8713 particle = gamma
file = 8714 particle = gamma
file = 8715 particle = gamma
file = 8716 particle = gamma
file = 8717 particle = gamma
file = 8718 particle = gamma
file = 8719 particle = neutron
file = 8720 particle = gamma
file = 8721 particle = gamma
file = 8722 particle = neutron
file = 8723 particle = gamma
file = 8724 particle = neutron
file = 8725 particle = gamma
file = 8726 particle = gamma
file = 8727 particle = neutron
file = 8728 particle = gamma
file = 8729 particle = gamma
file = 8730 particle = gamma
file = 8731 particle = gamma
file = 8732 particle = neutron
file = 8733 particle = gamma
file = 8734 particle = gamma
file = 8735 particle = gamma
file = 8736 particle = gamma
file = 8737 particle = gamma
file = 8738 particle = gamma
file = 8739 particle = gamma
file = 8740 particle = gamma
file = 8741 particle = gamma
file = 8742 particle = gamma
file = 8743 particle = gamma
file = 8744 particle = gamma
file = 8745 particle = neutron
file = 8746 particle = gamma
file = 8747 particle = gamma
file = 8748 particle = neutron
file = 8749 particle = gamma
file = 8750 particle = gamma
file = 8751 particle = gamma
file = 8752 particle = gamma
file = 8753 particle = gamma
file = 8754 particle = gamma
file = 8755 particle = gamma
file = 8756 particle = gamma
file = 8757 particle = gamma
file = 8758 particle = gamma
file = 8759 particle = gamma
file = 8760 particle = gamma
file = 8761 particle = gamma
file = 8762 particle = gamma
file = 8763 particle = gamma
file = 8764 particle = gamma
file = 8765 particle = gamma
file = 8766 particle = gamma
file = 8767 particle = gamma
file = 8768 particle = gamma
file = 8769 particle = gamma
file = 8770 particle = neutron
file = 8771 particle = gamma
file = 8772 particle = gamma
file = 8773 particle = gamma
file = 8774 particle = gamma
file = 8775 particle = gamma
file = 8776 particle = gamma
file = 8777 particle = gamma
file = 8778 particle = gamma
file = 8779 particle = gamma
file = 8780 particle = gamma
file = 8781 particle = gamma
file = 8782 particle = gamma
file = 8783 particle = gamma
file = 8784 particle = gamma
file = 8785 particle = gamma
file = 8786 particle = neutron
file = 8787 particle = neutron
file = 8788 particle = gamma
file = 8789 particle = gamma
file = 8790 particle = gamma
file = 8791 particle = gamma
file = 8792 particle = neutron
file = 8793 particle = gamma
file = 8794 particle = gamma
file = 8795 particle = gamma
file = 8796 particle = neutron
file = 8797 particle = gamma
file = 8798 particle = gamma
file = 8799 particle = neutron
file = 8800 particle = gamma
file = 8801 particle = gamma
file = 8802 particle = neutron
file = 8803 particle = gamma
file = 8804 particle = gamma
file = 8805 particle = gamma
file = 8806 particle = gamma
file = 8807 particle = gamma
file = 8808 particle = neutron
file = 8809 particle = neutron
file = 8810 particle = gamma
file = 8811 particle = gamma
file = 8812 particle = neutron
file = 8813 particle = gamma
file = 8814 particle = gamma
file = 8815 particle = neutron
file = 8816 particle = gamma
file = 8817 particle = gamma
file = 8818 particle = gamma
file = 8819 particle = gamma
file = 8820 particle = gamma
file = 8821 particle = neutron
file = 8822 particle = neutron
file = 8823 particle = gamma
file = 8824 particle = gamma
file = 8825 particle = gamma
file = 8826 particle = gamma
file = 8827 particle = gamma
file = 8828 particle = gamma
file = 8829 particle = gamma
file = 8830 particle = gamma
file = 8831 particle = gamma
file = 8832 particle = gamma
file = 8833 particle = gamma
file = 8834 particle = gamma
file = 8835 particle = gamma
file = 8836 particle = gamma
file = 8837 particle = gamma
file = 8838 particle = gamma
file = 8839 particle = gamma
file = 8840 particle = gamma
file = 8841 particle = gamma
file = 8842 particle = gamma
file = 8843 particle = gamma
file = 8844 particle = gamma
file = 8845 particle = gamma
file = 8846 particle = gamma
file = 8847 particle = gamma
file = 8848 particle = gamma
file = 8849 particle = gamma
file = 8850 particle = neutron
file = 8851 particle = neutron
file = 8852 particle = gamma
file = 8853 particle = gamma
file = 8854 particle = gamma
file = 8855 particle = neutron
file = 8856 particle = gamma
file = 8857 particle = gamma
file = 8858 particle = gamma
file = 8859 particle = gamma
file = 8860 particle = gamma
file = 8861 particle = gamma
file = 8862 particle = gamma
file = 8863 particle = gamma
file = 8864 particle = gamma
file = 8865 particle = gamma
file = 8866 particle = gamma
file = 8867 particle = gamma
file = 8868 particle = gamma
file = 8869 particle = neutron
file = 8870 particle = neutron
file = 8871 particle = gamma
file = 8872 particle = neutron
file = 8873 particle = gamma
file = 8874 particle = gamma
file = 8875 particle = gamma
file = 8876 particle = gamma
file = 8877 particle = gamma
file = 8878 particle = gamma
file = 8879 particle = gamma
file = 8880 particle = gamma
file = 8881 particle = gamma
file = 8882 particle = gamma
file = 8883 particle = gamma
file = 8884 particle = gamma
file = 8885 particle = gamma
file = 8886 particle = gamma
file = 8887 particle = gamma
file = 8888 particle = gamma
file = 8889 particle = gamma
file = 8890 particle = neutron
file = 8891 particle = gamma
file = 8892 particle = gamma
file = 8893 particle = neutron
file = 8894 particle = gamma
file = 8895 particle = gamma
file = 8896 particle = gamma
file = 8897 particle = neutron
file = 8898 particle = gamma
file = 8899 particle = neutron
file = 8900 particle = neutron
file = 8901 particle = gamma
file = 8902 particle = gamma
file = 8903 particle = gamma
file = 8904 particle = gamma
file = 8905 particle = gamma
file = 8906 particle = gamma
file = 8907 particle = gamma
file = 8908 particle = gamma
file = 8909 particle = gamma
file = 8910 particle = gamma
file = 8911 particle = gamma
file = 8912 particle = gamma
file = 8913 particle = gamma
file = 8914 particle = gamma
file = 8915 particle = gamma
file = 8916 particle = gamma
file = 8917 particle = gamma
file = 8918 particle = gamma
file = 8919 particle = neutron
file = 8920 particle = gamma
file = 8921 particle = gamma
file = 8922 particle = gamma
file = 8923 particle = gamma
file = 8924 particle = gamma
file = 8925 particle = gamma
file = 8926 particle = gamma
file = 8927 particle = gamma
file = 8928 particle = neutron
file = 8929 particle = neutron
file = 8930 particle = gamma
file = 8931 particle = gamma
file = 8932 particle = gamma
file = 8933 particle = gamma
file = 8934 particle = gamma
file = 8935 particle = gamma
file = 8936 particle = neutron
file = 8937 particle = gamma
file = 8938 particle = gamma
file = 8939 particle = gamma
file = 8940 particle = gamma
file = 8941 particle = gamma
file = 8942 particle = gamma
file = 8943 particle = gamma
file = 8944 particle = gamma
file = 8945 particle = gamma
file = 8946 particle = gamma
file = 8947 particle = gamma
file = 8948 particle = gamma
file = 8949 particle = gamma
file = 8950 particle = gamma
file = 8951 particle = gamma
file = 8952 particle = gamma
file = 8953 particle = gamma
file = 8954 particle = gamma
file = 8955 particle = gamma
file = 8956 particle = gamma
file = 8957 particle = neutron
file = 8958 particle = gamma
file = 8959 particle = gamma
file = 8960 particle = gamma
file = 8961 particle = gamma
file = 8962 particle = gamma
file = 8963 particle = gamma
file = 8964 particle = gamma
file = 8965 particle = gamma
file = 8966 particle = gamma
file = 8967 particle = gamma
file = 8968 particle = gamma
file = 8969 particle = gamma
file = 8970 particle = gamma
file = 8971 particle = gamma
file = 8972 particle = gamma
file = 8973 particle = neutron
file = 8974 particle = gamma
file = 8975 particle = gamma
file = 8976 particle = gamma
file = 8977 particle = gamma
file = 8978 particle = neutron
file = 8979 particle = neutron
file = 8980 particle = neutron
file = 8981 particle = gamma
file = 8982 particle = gamma
file = 8983 particle = gamma
file = 8984 particle = gamma
file = 8985 particle = gamma
file = 8986 particle = neutron
file = 8987 particle = gamma
file = 8988 particle = gamma
file = 8989 particle = gamma
file = 8990 particle = neutron
file = 8991 particle = gamma
file = 8992 particle = gamma
file = 8993 particle = gamma
file = 8994 particle = gamma
file = 8995 particle = gamma
file = 8996 particle = gamma
file = 8997 particle = gamma
file = 8998 particle = gamma
file = 8999 particle = gamma
file = 9000 particle = gamma
file = 9001 particle = gamma
file = 9002 particle = gamma
file = 9003 particle = neutron
file = 9004 particle = gamma
file = 9005 particle = gamma
file = 9006 particle = neutron
file = 9007 particle = gamma
file = 9008 particle = gamma
file = 9009 particle = gamma
file = 9010 particle = gamma
file = 9011 particle = gamma
file = 9012 particle = neutron
file = 9013 particle = neutron
file = 9014 particle = gamma
file = 9015 particle = gamma
file = 9016 particle = gamma
file = 9017 particle = gamma
file = 9018 particle = gamma
file = 9019 particle = gamma
file = 9020 particle = gamma
file = 9021 particle = gamma
file = 9022 particle = neutron
file = 9023 particle = gamma
file = 9024 particle = neutron
file = 9025 particle = gamma
file = 9026 particle = gamma
file = 9027 particle = gamma
file = 9028 particle = gamma
file = 9029 particle = gamma
file = 9030 particle = gamma
file = 9031 particle = gamma
file = 9032 particle = gamma
file = 9033 particle = gamma
file = 9034 particle = gamma
file = 9035 particle = gamma
file = 9036 particle = gamma
file = 9037 particle = gamma
file = 9038 particle = gamma
file = 9039 particle = gamma
file = 9040 particle = gamma
file = 9041 particle = gamma
file = 9042 particle = gamma
file = 9043 particle = gamma
file = 9044 particle = gamma
file = 9045 particle = gamma
file = 9046 particle = gamma
file = 9047 particle = gamma
file = 9048 particle = gamma
file = 9049 particle = gamma
file = 9050 particle = gamma
file = 9051 particle = gamma
file = 9052 particle = gamma
file = 9053 particle = neutron
file = 9054 particle = gamma
file = 9055 particle = gamma
file = 9056 particle = gamma
file = 9057 particle = neutron
file = 9058 particle = gamma
file = 9059 particle = gamma
file = 9060 particle = neutron
file = 9061 particle = neutron
file = 9062 particle = gamma
file = 9063 particle = gamma
file = 9064 particle = gamma
file = 9065 particle = gamma
file = 9066 particle = gamma
file = 9067 particle = gamma
file = 9068 particle = gamma
file = 9069 particle = gamma
file = 9070 particle = gamma
file = 9071 particle = gamma
file = 9072 particle = gamma
file = 9073 particle = gamma
file = 9074 particle = neutron
file = 9075 particle = gamma
file = 9076 particle = gamma
file = 9077 particle = gamma
file = 9078 particle = gamma
file = 9079 particle = gamma
file = 9080 particle = gamma
file = 9081 particle = neutron
file = 9082 particle = gamma
file = 9083 particle = gamma
file = 9084 particle = neutron
file = 9085 particle = neutron
file = 9086 particle = gamma
file = 9087 particle = gamma
file = 9088 particle = gamma
file = 9089 particle = neutron
file = 9090 particle = gamma
file = 9091 particle = gamma
file = 9092 particle = neutron
file = 9093 particle = gamma
file = 9094 particle = gamma
file = 9095 particle = gamma
file = 9096 particle = gamma
file = 9097 particle = gamma
file = 9098 particle = gamma
file = 9099 particle = gamma
file = 9100 particle = gamma
file = 9101 particle = neutron
file = 9102 particle = gamma
file = 9103 particle = gamma
file = 9104 particle = gamma
file = 9105 particle = gamma
file = 9106 particle = gamma
file = 9107 particle = neutron
file = 9108 particle = gamma
file = 9109 particle = gamma
file = 9110 particle = neutron
file = 9111 particle = gamma
file = 9112 particle = gamma
file = 9113 particle = gamma
file = 9114 particle = gamma
file = 9115 particle = gamma
file = 9116 particle = gamma
file = 9117 particle = gamma
file = 9118 particle = gamma
file = 9119 particle = neutron
file = 9120 particle = gamma
file = 9121 particle = gamma
file = 9122 particle = gamma
file = 9123 particle = gamma
file = 9124 particle = neutron
file = 9125 particle = gamma
file = 9126 particle = gamma
file = 9127 particle = gamma
file = 9128 particle = gamma
file = 9129 particle = gamma
file = 9130 particle = gamma
file = 9131 particle = gamma
file = 9132 particle = gamma
file = 9133 particle = gamma
file = 9134 particle = gamma
file = 9135 particle = gamma
file = 9136 particle = gamma
file = 9137 particle = gamma
file = 9138 particle = gamma
file = 9139 particle = gamma
file = 9140 particle = gamma
file = 9141 particle = gamma
file = 9142 particle = gamma
file = 9143 particle = gamma
file = 9144 particle = gamma
file = 9145 particle = gamma
file = 9146 particle = gamma
file = 9147 particle = gamma
file = 9148 particle = gamma
file = 9149 particle = gamma
file = 9150 particle = gamma
file = 9151 particle = gamma
file = 9152 particle = gamma
file = 9153 particle = gamma
file = 9154 particle = gamma
file = 9155 particle = gamma
file = 9156 particle = gamma
file = 9157 particle = neutron
file = 9158 particle = gamma
file = 9159 particle = neutron
file = 9160 particle = neutron
file = 9161 particle = neutron
file = 9162 particle = gamma
file = 9163 particle = gamma
file = 9164 particle = neutron
file = 9165 particle = gamma
file = 9166 particle = gamma
file = 9167 particle = gamma
file = 9168 particle = gamma
file = 9169 particle = gamma
file = 9170 particle = gamma
file = 9171 particle = gamma
file = 9172 particle = gamma
file = 9173 particle = gamma
file = 9174 particle = neutron
file = 9175 particle = neutron
file = 9176 particle = gamma
file = 9177 particle = gamma
file = 9178 particle = neutron
file = 9179 particle = gamma
file = 9180 particle = neutron
file = 9181 particle = gamma
file = 9182 particle = gamma
file = 9183 particle = gamma
file = 9184 particle = gamma
file = 9185 particle = gamma
file = 9186 particle = gamma
file = 9187 particle = gamma
file = 9188 particle = gamma
file = 9189 particle = gamma
file = 9190 particle = gamma
file = 9191 particle = gamma
file = 9192 particle = gamma
file = 9193 particle = gamma
file = 9194 particle = gamma
file = 9195 particle = gamma
file = 9196 particle = gamma
file = 9197 particle = gamma
file = 9198 particle = gamma
file = 9199 particle = gamma
file = 9200 particle = gamma
file = 9201 particle = gamma
file = 9202 particle = gamma
file = 9203 particle = gamma
file = 9204 particle = gamma
file = 9205 particle = gamma
file = 9206 particle = gamma
file = 9207 particle = gamma
file = 9208 particle = gamma
file = 9209 particle = gamma
file = 9210 particle = neutron
file = 9211 particle = gamma
file = 9212 particle = gamma
file = 9213 particle = neutron
file = 9214 particle = gamma
file = 9215 particle = gamma
file = 9216 particle = gamma
file = 9217 particle = gamma
file = 9218 particle = gamma
file = 9219 particle = gamma
file = 9220 particle = neutron
file = 9221 particle = gamma
file = 9222 particle = gamma
file = 9223 particle = gamma
file = 9224 particle = gamma
file = 9225 particle = neutron
file = 9226 particle = gamma
file = 9227 particle = gamma
file = 9228 particle = gamma
file = 9229 particle = gamma
file = 9230 particle = gamma
file = 9231 particle = neutron
file = 9232 particle = gamma
file = 9233 particle = gamma
file = 9234 particle = gamma
file = 9235 particle = neutron
file = 9236 particle = gamma
file = 9237 particle = neutron
file = 9238 particle = gamma
file = 9239 particle = gamma
file = 9240 particle = gamma
file = 9241 particle = gamma
file = 9242 particle = gamma
file = 9243 particle = gamma
file = 9244 particle = gamma
file = 9245 particle = gamma
file = 9246 particle = gamma
file = 9247 particle = gamma
file = 9248 particle = gamma
file = 9249 particle = gamma
file = 9250 particle = gamma
file = 9251 particle = gamma
file = 9252 particle = gamma
file = 9253 particle = gamma
file = 9254 particle = gamma
file = 9255 particle = gamma
file = 9256 particle = neutron
file = 9257 particle = gamma
file = 9258 particle = gamma
file = 9259 particle = gamma
file = 9260 particle = gamma
file = 9261 particle = gamma
file = 9262 particle = gamma
file = 9263 particle = gamma
file = 9264 particle = gamma
file = 9265 particle = gamma
file = 9266 particle = gamma
file = 9267 particle = gamma
file = 9268 particle = gamma
file = 9269 particle = neutron
file = 9270 particle = gamma
file = 9271 particle = gamma
file = 9272 particle = gamma
file = 9273 particle = neutron
file = 9274 particle = gamma
file = 9275 particle = gamma
file = 9276 particle = gamma
file = 9277 particle = gamma
file = 9278 particle = gamma
file = 9279 particle = gamma
file = 9280 particle = gamma
file = 9281 particle = gamma
file = 9282 particle = gamma
file = 9283 particle = gamma
file = 9284 particle = gamma
file = 9285 particle = gamma
file = 9286 particle = gamma
file = 9287 particle = gamma
file = 9288 particle = gamma
file = 9289 particle = gamma
file = 9290 particle = gamma
file = 9291 particle = gamma
file = 9292 particle = gamma
file = 9293 particle = neutron
file = 9294 particle = gamma
file = 9295 particle = gamma
file = 9296 particle = gamma
file = 9297 particle = gamma
file = 9298 particle = neutron
file = 9299 particle = gamma
file = 9300 particle = neutron
file = 9301 particle = gamma
file = 9302 particle = gamma
file = 9303 particle = gamma
file = 9304 particle = neutron
file = 9305 particle = gamma
file = 9306 particle = gamma
file = 9307 particle = neutron
file = 9308 particle = gamma
file = 9309 particle = gamma
file = 9310 particle = gamma
file = 9311 particle = gamma
file = 9312 particle = gamma
file = 9313 particle = gamma
file = 9314 particle = gamma
file = 9315 particle = gamma
file = 9316 particle = gamma
file = 9317 particle = gamma
file = 9318 particle = gamma
file = 9319 particle = gamma
file = 9320 particle = neutron
file = 9321 particle = gamma
file = 9322 particle = gamma
file = 9323 particle = gamma
file = 9324 particle = gamma
file = 9325 particle = gamma
file = 9326 particle = gamma
file = 9327 particle = neutron
file = 9328 particle = gamma
file = 9329 particle = gamma
file = 9330 particle = neutron
file = 9331 particle = gamma
file = 9332 particle = gamma
file = 9333 particle = gamma
file = 9334 particle = gamma
file = 9335 particle = gamma
file = 9336 particle = gamma
file = 9337 particle = gamma
file = 9338 particle = neutron
file = 9339 particle = gamma
file = 9340 particle = gamma
file = 9341 particle = neutron
file = 9342 particle = gamma
file = 9343 particle = neutron
file = 9344 particle = gamma
file = 9345 particle = gamma
file = 9346 particle = gamma
file = 9347 particle = gamma
file = 9348 particle = gamma
file = 9349 particle = neutron
file = 9350 particle = gamma
file = 9351 particle = neutron
file = 9352 particle = gamma
file = 9353 particle = gamma
file = 9354 particle = gamma
file = 9355 particle = gamma
file = 9356 particle = gamma
file = 9357 particle = gamma
file = 9358 particle = gamma
file = 9359 particle = gamma
file = 9360 particle = gamma
file = 9361 particle = gamma
file = 9362 particle = gamma
file = 9363 particle = gamma
file = 9364 particle = gamma
file = 9365 particle = gamma
file = 9366 particle = gamma
file = 9367 particle = gamma
file = 9368 particle = gamma
file = 9369 particle = gamma
file = 9370 particle = gamma
file = 9371 particle = gamma
file = 9372 particle = gamma
file = 9373 particle = gamma
file = 9374 particle = gamma
file = 9375 particle = gamma
file = 9376 particle = gamma
file = 9377 particle = neutron
file = 9378 particle = gamma
file = 9379 particle = gamma
file = 9380 particle = gamma
file = 9381 particle = gamma
file = 9382 particle = neutron
file = 9383 particle = gamma
file = 9384 particle = gamma
file = 9385 particle = gamma
file = 9386 particle = gamma
file = 9387 particle = neutron
file = 9388 particle = gamma
file = 9389 particle = gamma
file = 9390 particle = gamma
file = 9391 particle = gamma
file = 9392 particle = gamma
file = 9393 particle = neutron
file = 9394 particle = neutron
file = 9395 particle = gamma
file = 9396 particle = gamma
file = 9397 particle = gamma
file = 9398 particle = gamma
file = 9399 particle = gamma
file = 9400 particle = gamma
file = 9401 particle = gamma
file = 9402 particle = gamma
file = 9403 particle = gamma
file = 9404 particle = gamma
file = 9405 particle = gamma
file = 9406 particle = gamma
file = 9407 particle = gamma
file = 9408 particle = gamma
file = 9409 particle = gamma
file = 9410 particle = gamma
file = 9411 particle = gamma
file = 9412 particle = gamma
file = 9413 particle = gamma
file = 9414 particle = gamma
file = 9415 particle = gamma
file = 9416 particle = gamma
file = 9417 particle = neutron
file = 9418 particle = gamma
file = 9419 particle = gamma
file = 9420 particle = gamma
file = 9421 particle = gamma
file = 9422 particle = gamma
file = 9423 particle = gamma
file = 9424 particle = gamma
file = 9425 particle = gamma
file = 9426 particle = neutron
file = 9427 particle = gamma
file = 9428 particle = neutron
file = 9429 particle = gamma
file = 9430 particle = gamma
file = 9431 particle = gamma
file = 9432 particle = gamma
file = 9433 particle = gamma
file = 9434 particle = gamma
file = 9435 particle = neutron
file = 9436 particle = gamma
file = 9437 particle = neutron
file = 9438 particle = neutron
file = 9439 particle = gamma
file = 9440 particle = gamma
file = 9441 particle = gamma
file = 9442 particle = gamma
file = 9443 particle = gamma
file = 9444 particle = gamma
file = 9445 particle = gamma
file = 9446 particle = gamma
file = 9447 particle = gamma
file = 9448 particle = gamma
file = 9449 particle = gamma
file = 9450 particle = gamma
file = 9451 particle = gamma
file = 9452 particle = neutron
file = 9453 particle = gamma
file = 9454 particle = gamma
file = 9455 particle = gamma
file = 9456 particle = gamma
file = 9457 particle = gamma
file = 9458 particle = gamma
file = 9459 particle = gamma
file = 9460 particle = gamma
file = 9461 particle = gamma
file = 9462 particle = gamma
file = 9463 particle = gamma
file = 9464 particle = gamma
file = 9465 particle = gamma
file = 9466 particle = gamma
file = 9467 particle = gamma
file = 9468 particle = gamma
file = 9469 particle = gamma
file = 9470 particle = gamma
file = 9471 particle = gamma
file = 9472 particle = gamma
file = 9473 particle = gamma
file = 9474 particle = gamma
file = 9475 particle = gamma
file = 9476 particle = neutron
file = 9477 particle = gamma
file = 9478 particle = gamma
file = 9479 particle = gamma
file = 9480 particle = gamma
file = 9481 particle = gamma
file = 9482 particle = gamma
file = 9483 particle = gamma
file = 9484 particle = gamma
file = 9485 particle = gamma
file = 9486 particle = gamma
file = 9487 particle = gamma
file = 9488 particle = gamma
file = 9489 particle = neutron
file = 9490 particle = gamma
file = 9491 particle = neutron
file = 9492 particle = gamma
file = 9493 particle = gamma
file = 9494 particle = gamma
file = 9495 particle = gamma
file = 9496 particle = neutron
file = 9497 particle = gamma
file = 9498 particle = neutron
file = 9499 particle = neutron
file = 9500 particle = gamma
file = 9501 particle = gamma
file = 9502 particle = gamma
file = 9503 particle = gamma
file = 9504 particle = gamma
file = 9505 particle = gamma
file = 9506 particle = gamma
file = 9507 particle = gamma
file = 9508 particle = gamma
file = 9509 particle = gamma
file = 9510 particle = gamma
file = 9511 particle = gamma
file = 9512 particle = gamma
file = 9513 particle = gamma
file = 9514 particle = gamma
file = 9515 particle = gamma
file = 9516 particle = gamma
file = 9517 particle = gamma
file = 9518 particle = gamma
file = 9519 particle = neutron
file = 9520 particle = neutron
file = 9521 particle = gamma
file = 9522 particle = gamma
file = 9523 particle = gamma
file = 9524 particle = gamma
file = 9525 particle = gamma
file = 9526 particle = neutron
file = 9527 particle = gamma
file = 9528 particle = gamma
file = 9529 particle = gamma
file = 9530 particle = gamma
file = 9531 particle = gamma
file = 9532 particle = gamma
file = 9533 particle = gamma
file = 9534 particle = neutron
file = 9535 particle = gamma
file = 9536 particle = gamma
file = 9537 particle = gamma
file = 9538 particle = gamma
file = 9539 particle = gamma
file = 9540 particle = gamma
file = 9541 particle = gamma
file = 9542 particle = gamma
file = 9543 particle = gamma
file = 9544 particle = gamma
file = 9545 particle = gamma
file = 9546 particle = neutron
file = 9547 particle = gamma
file = 9548 particle = gamma
file = 9549 particle = neutron
file = 9550 particle = neutron
file = 9551 particle = gamma
file = 9552 particle = gamma
file = 9553 particle = gamma
file = 9554 particle = gamma
file = 9555 particle = neutron
file = 9556 particle = neutron
file = 9557 particle = gamma
file = 9558 particle = gamma
file = 9559 particle = neutron
file = 9560 particle = gamma
file = 9561 particle = gamma
file = 9562 particle = gamma
file = 9563 particle = gamma
file = 9564 particle = neutron
file = 9565 particle = gamma
file = 9566 particle = gamma
file = 9567 particle = neutron
file = 9568 particle = gamma
file = 9569 particle = gamma
file = 9570 particle = gamma
file = 9571 particle = gamma
file = 9572 particle = gamma
file = 9573 particle = gamma
file = 9574 particle = gamma
file = 9575 particle = gamma
file = 9576 particle = gamma
file = 9577 particle = neutron
file = 9578 particle = neutron
file = 9579 particle = neutron
file = 9580 particle = gamma
file = 9581 particle = gamma
file = 9582 particle = gamma
file = 9583 particle = gamma
file = 9584 particle = gamma
file = 9585 particle = gamma
file = 9586 particle = gamma
file = 9587 particle = gamma
file = 9588 particle = neutron
file = 9589 particle = gamma
file = 9590 particle = gamma
file = 9591 particle = gamma
file = 9592 particle = gamma
file = 9593 particle = gamma
file = 9594 particle = gamma
file = 9595 particle = gamma
file = 9596 particle = gamma
file = 9597 particle = gamma
file = 9598 particle = gamma
file = 9599 particle = gamma
file = 9600 particle = gamma
file = 9601 particle = gamma
file = 9602 particle = gamma
file = 9603 particle = neutron
file = 9604 particle = neutron
file = 9605 particle = gamma
file = 9606 particle = gamma
file = 9607 particle = gamma
file = 9608 particle = gamma
file = 9609 particle = gamma
file = 9610 particle = gamma
file = 9611 particle = gamma
file = 9612 particle = gamma
file = 9613 particle = neutron
file = 9614 particle = gamma
file = 9615 particle = gamma
file = 9616 particle = gamma
file = 9617 particle = gamma
file = 9618 particle = gamma
file = 9619 particle = gamma
file = 9620 particle = gamma
file = 9621 particle = gamma
file = 9622 particle = gamma
file = 9623 particle = gamma
file = 9624 particle = gamma
file = 9625 particle = gamma
file = 9626 particle = gamma
file = 9627 particle = gamma
file = 9628 particle = gamma
file = 9629 particle = gamma
file = 9630 particle = gamma
file = 9631 particle = gamma
file = 9632 particle = gamma
file = 9633 particle = gamma
file = 9634 particle = gamma
file = 9635 particle = gamma
file = 9636 particle = neutron
file = 9637 particle = gamma
file = 9638 particle = gamma
file = 9639 particle = gamma
file = 9640 particle = gamma
file = 9641 particle = gamma
file = 9642 particle = gamma
file = 9643 particle = neutron
file = 9644 particle = neutron
file = 9645 particle = neutron
file = 9646 particle = gamma
file = 9647 particle = gamma
file = 9648 particle = neutron
file = 9649 particle = gamma
file = 9650 particle = gamma
file = 9651 particle = gamma
file = 9652 particle = gamma
file = 9653 particle = gamma
file = 9654 particle = gamma
file = 9655 particle = gamma
file = 9656 particle = gamma
file = 9657 particle = gamma
file = 9658 particle = gamma
file = 9659 particle = gamma
file = 9660 particle = gamma
file = 9661 particle = gamma
file = 9662 particle = gamma
file = 9663 particle = neutron
file = 9664 particle = neutron
file = 9665 particle = gamma
file = 9666 particle = gamma
file = 9667 particle = gamma
file = 9668 particle = neutron
file = 9669 particle = gamma
file = 9670 particle = gamma
file = 9671 particle = neutron
file = 9672 particle = gamma
file = 9673 particle = gamma
file = 9674 particle = gamma
file = 9675 particle = neutron
file = 9676 particle = gamma
file = 9677 particle = gamma
file = 9678 particle = gamma
file = 9679 particle = gamma
file = 9680 particle = gamma
file = 9681 particle = gamma
file = 9682 particle = gamma
file = 9683 particle = gamma
file = 9684 particle = gamma
file = 9685 particle = gamma
file = 9686 particle = gamma
file = 9687 particle = gamma
file = 9688 particle = gamma
file = 9689 particle = gamma
file = 9690 particle = gamma
file = 9691 particle = gamma
file = 9692 particle = gamma
file = 9693 particle = gamma
file = 9694 particle = neutron
file = 9695 particle = neutron
file = 9696 particle = gamma
file = 9697 particle = gamma
file = 9698 particle = gamma
file = 9699 particle = gamma
file = 9700 particle = gamma
file = 9701 particle = gamma
file = 9702 particle = gamma
file = 9703 particle = gamma
file = 9704 particle = gamma
file = 9705 particle = gamma
file = 9706 particle = gamma
file = 9707 particle = gamma
file = 9708 particle = gamma
file = 9709 particle = gamma
file = 9710 particle = gamma
file = 9711 particle = gamma
file = 9712 particle = gamma
file = 9713 particle = gamma
file = 9714 particle = gamma
file = 9715 particle = gamma
file = 9716 particle = gamma
file = 9717 particle = gamma
file = 9718 particle = gamma
file = 9719 particle = gamma
file = 9720 particle = gamma
file = 9721 particle = gamma
file = 9722 particle = gamma
file = 9723 particle = gamma
file = 9724 particle = gamma
file = 9725 particle = gamma
file = 9726 particle = neutron
file = 9727 particle = gamma
file = 9728 particle = neutron
file = 9729 particle = gamma
file = 9730 particle = gamma
file = 9731 particle = gamma
file = 9732 particle = neutron
file = 9733 particle = gamma
file = 9734 particle = gamma
file = 9735 particle = gamma
file = 9736 particle = gamma
file = 9737 particle = gamma
file = 9738 particle = gamma
file = 9739 particle = neutron
file = 9740 particle = gamma
file = 9741 particle = gamma
file = 9742 particle = gamma
file = 9743 particle = neutron
file = 9744 particle = neutron
file = 9745 particle = gamma
file = 9746 particle = gamma
file = 9747 particle = gamma
file = 9748 particle = gamma
file = 9749 particle = gamma
file = 9750 particle = gamma
file = 9751 particle = gamma
file = 9752 particle = neutron
file = 9753 particle = gamma
file = 9754 particle = gamma
file = 9755 particle = gamma
file = 9756 particle = neutron
file = 9757 particle = gamma
file = 9758 particle = gamma
file = 9759 particle = gamma
file = 9760 particle = neutron
file = 9761 particle = gamma
file = 9762 particle = gamma
file = 9763 particle = gamma
file = 9764 particle = neutron
file = 9765 particle = gamma
file = 9766 particle = gamma
file = 9767 particle = neutron
file = 9768 particle = gamma
file = 9769 particle = gamma
file = 9770 particle = gamma
file = 9771 particle = neutron
file = 9772 particle = gamma
file = 9773 particle = gamma
file = 9774 particle = gamma
file = 9775 particle = gamma
file = 9776 particle = neutron
file = 9777 particle = gamma
file = 9778 particle = gamma
file = 9779 particle = gamma
file = 9780 particle = gamma
file = 9781 particle = gamma
file = 9782 particle = gamma
file = 9783 particle = gamma
file = 9784 particle = gamma
file = 9785 particle = gamma
file = 9786 particle = gamma
file = 9787 particle = gamma
file = 9788 particle = gamma
file = 9789 particle = gamma
file = 9790 particle = neutron
file = 9791 particle = gamma
file = 9792 particle = gamma
file = 9793 particle = gamma
file = 9794 particle = neutron
file = 9795 particle = neutron
file = 9796 particle = gamma
file = 9797 particle = gamma
file = 9798 particle = gamma
file = 9799 particle = gamma
file = 9800 particle = gamma
file = 9801 particle = gamma
file = 9802 particle = gamma
file = 9803 particle = gamma
file = 9804 particle = gamma
file = 9805 particle = gamma
file = 9806 particle = gamma
file = 9807 particle = gamma
file = 9808 particle = gamma
file = 9809 particle = neutron
file = 9810 particle = gamma
file = 9811 particle = gamma
file = 9812 particle = gamma
file = 9813 particle = gamma
file = 9814 particle = neutron
file = 9815 particle = gamma
file = 9816 particle = gamma
file = 9817 particle = neutron
file = 9818 particle = gamma
file = 9819 particle = neutron
file = 9820 particle = gamma
file = 9821 particle = neutron
file = 9822 particle = gamma
file = 9823 particle = gamma
file = 9824 particle = gamma
file = 9825 particle = gamma
file = 9826 particle = neutron
file = 9827 particle = gamma
file = 9828 particle = gamma
file = 9829 particle = gamma
file = 9830 particle = gamma
file = 9831 particle = gamma
file = 9832 particle = gamma
file = 9833 particle = gamma
file = 9834 particle = gamma
file = 9835 particle = gamma
file = 9836 particle = gamma
file = 9837 particle = gamma
file = 9838 particle = gamma
file = 9839 particle = gamma
file = 9840 particle = gamma
file = 9841 particle = gamma
file = 9842 particle = gamma
file = 9843 particle = gamma
file = 9844 particle = gamma
file = 9845 particle = gamma
file = 9846 particle = gamma
file = 9847 particle = gamma
file = 9848 particle = neutron
file = 9849 particle = gamma
file = 9850 particle = gamma
file = 9851 particle = gamma
file = 9852 particle = gamma
file = 9853 particle = gamma
file = 9854 particle = gamma
file = 9855 particle = gamma
file = 9856 particle = gamma
file = 9857 particle = gamma
file = 9858 particle = gamma
file = 9859 particle = gamma
file = 9860 particle = gamma
file = 9861 particle = gamma
file = 9862 particle = gamma
file = 9863 particle = gamma
file = 9864 particle = gamma
file = 9865 particle = neutron
file = 9866 particle = gamma
file = 9867 particle = gamma
file = 9868 particle = gamma
file = 9869 particle = gamma
file = 9870 particle = gamma
file = 9871 particle = gamma
file = 9872 particle = gamma
file = 9873 particle = gamma
file = 9874 particle = neutron
file = 9875 particle = gamma
file = 9876 particle = gamma
file = 9877 particle = gamma
file = 9878 particle = gamma
file = 9879 particle = gamma
file = 9880 particle = gamma
file = 9881 particle = neutron
file = 9882 particle = neutron
file = 9883 particle = gamma
file = 9884 particle = neutron
file = 9885 particle = gamma
file = 9886 particle = gamma
file = 9887 particle = gamma
file = 9888 particle = gamma
file = 9889 particle = gamma
file = 9890 particle = gamma
file = 9891 particle = gamma
file = 9892 particle = gamma
file = 9893 particle = gamma
file = 9894 particle = gamma
file = 9895 particle = gamma
file = 9896 particle = gamma
file = 9897 particle = neutron
file = 9898 particle = gamma
file = 9899 particle = gamma
file = 9900 particle = gamma
file = 9901 particle = gamma
file = 9902 particle = gamma
file = 9903 particle = gamma
file = 9904 particle = neutron
file = 9905 particle = gamma
file = 9906 particle = neutron
file = 9907 particle = gamma
file = 9908 particle = gamma
file = 9909 particle = neutron
file = 9910 particle = gamma
file = 9911 particle = gamma
file = 9912 particle = gamma
file = 9913 particle = gamma
file = 9914 particle = neutron
file = 9915 particle = gamma
file = 9916 particle = gamma
file = 9917 particle = gamma
file = 9918 particle = gamma
file = 9919 particle = gamma
file = 9920 particle = gamma
file = 9921 particle = gamma
file = 9922 particle = neutron
file = 9923 particle = gamma
file = 9924 particle = gamma
file = 9925 particle = gamma
file = 9926 particle = gamma
file = 9927 particle = neutron
file = 9928 particle = gamma
file = 9929 particle = gamma
file = 9930 particle = neutron
file = 9931 particle = gamma
file = 9932 particle = gamma
file = 9933 particle = gamma
file = 9934 particle = gamma
file = 9935 particle = gamma
file = 9936 particle = neutron
file = 9937 particle = gamma
file = 9938 particle = neutron
file = 9939 particle = gamma
file = 9940 particle = gamma
file = 9941 particle = gamma
file = 9942 particle = gamma
file = 9943 particle = gamma
file = 9944 particle = gamma
file = 9945 particle = gamma
file = 9946 particle = gamma
file = 9947 particle = gamma
file = 9948 particle = gamma
file = 9949 particle = neutron
file = 9950 particle = gamma
file = 9951 particle = gamma
file = 9952 particle = neutron
file = 9953 particle = gamma
file = 9954 particle = gamma
file = 9955 particle = gamma
file = 9956 particle = gamma
file = 9957 particle = gamma
file = 9958 particle = gamma
file = 9959 particle = gamma
file = 9960 particle = gamma
file = 9961 particle = gamma
file = 9962 particle = gamma
file = 9963 particle = neutron
file = 9964 particle = gamma
file = 9965 particle = gamma
file = 9966 particle = gamma
file = 9967 particle = gamma
file = 9968 particle = gamma
file = 9969 particle = gamma
file = 9970 particle = gamma
file = 9971 particle = gamma
file = 9972 particle = gamma
file = 9973 particle = neutron
file = 9974 particle = gamma
file = 9975 particle = gamma
file = 9976 particle = gamma
file = 9977 particle = gamma
file = 9978 particle = neutron
file = 9979 particle = gamma
file = 9980 particle = neutron
file = 9981 particle = neutron
file = 9982 particle = gamma
file = 9983 particle = gamma
file = 9984 particle = neutron
file = 9985 particle = neutron
file = 9986 particle = gamma
file = 9987 particle = gamma
file = 9988 particle = gamma
file = 9989 particle = gamma
file = 9990 particle = gamma
file = 9991 particle = gamma
file = 9992 particle = gamma
file = 9993 particle = gamma
file = 9994 particle = gamma
file = 9995 particle = gamma
file = 9996 particle = neutron
file = 9997 particle = gamma
file = 9998 particle = gamma
file = 9999 particle = neutron
file = 10000 particle = gamma
file = 10001 particle = neutron
file = 10002 particle = gamma
file = 10003 particle = gamma
file = 10004 particle = gamma
file = 10005 particle = gamma
file = 10006 particle = gamma
file = 10007 particle = gamma
file = 10008 particle = gamma
file = 10009 particle = gamma
file = 10010 particle = neutron
file = 10011 particle = gamma
file = 10012 particle = gamma
file = 10013 particle = gamma
file = 10014 particle = gamma
file = 10015 particle = gamma
file = 10016 particle = gamma
file = 10017 particle = gamma
file = 10018 particle = neutron
file = 10019 particle = gamma
file = 10020 particle = gamma
file = 10021 particle = neutron
file = 10022 particle = gamma
file = 10023 particle = gamma
file = 10024 particle = gamma
file = 10025 particle = gamma
file = 10026 particle = gamma
file = 10027 particle = gamma
file = 10028 particle = gamma
file = 10029 particle = gamma
file = 10030 particle = gamma
file = 10031 particle = gamma
file = 10032 particle = gamma
file = 10033 particle = gamma
file = 10034 particle = gamma
file = 10035 particle = gamma
file = 10036 particle = gamma
file = 10037 particle = neutron
file = 10038 particle = neutron
file = 10039 particle = gamma
file = 10040 particle = gamma
file = 10041 particle = gamma
file = 10042 particle = neutron
file = 10043 particle = gamma
file = 10044 particle = gamma
file = 10045 particle = neutron
file = 10046 particle = gamma
file = 10047 particle = gamma
file = 10048 particle = gamma
file = 10049 particle = gamma
file = 10050 particle = gamma
file = 10051 particle = gamma
file = 10052 particle = gamma
file = 10053 particle = gamma
file = 10054 particle = gamma
file = 10055 particle = gamma
file = 10056 particle = gamma
file = 10057 particle = neutron
file = 10058 particle = neutron
file = 10059 particle = gamma
file = 10060 particle = gamma
file = 10061 particle = gamma
file = 10062 particle = gamma
file = 10063 particle = neutron
file = 10064 particle = gamma
file = 10065 particle = gamma
file = 10066 particle = gamma
file = 10067 particle = neutron
file = 10068 particle = gamma
file = 10069 particle = gamma
file = 10070 particle = gamma
file = 10071 particle = gamma
file = 10072 particle = gamma
file = 10073 particle = gamma
file = 10074 particle = gamma
file = 10075 particle = gamma
file = 10076 particle = gamma
file = 10077 particle = gamma
file = 10078 particle = gamma
file = 10079 particle = gamma
file = 10080 particle = neutron
file = 10081 particle = gamma
file = 10082 particle = gamma
file = 10083 particle = gamma
file = 10084 particle = neutron
file = 10085 particle = gamma
file = 10086 particle = gamma
file = 10087 particle = gamma
file = 10088 particle = gamma
file = 10089 particle = gamma
file = 10090 particle = neutron
file = 10091 particle = gamma
file = 10092 particle = gamma
file = 10093 particle = gamma
file = 10094 particle = gamma
file = 10095 particle = gamma
file = 10096 particle = gamma
file = 10097 particle = gamma
file = 10098 particle = gamma
file = 10099 particle = neutron
file = 10100 particle = gamma
file = 10101 particle = gamma
file = 10102 particle = gamma
file = 10103 particle = neutron
file = 10104 particle = gamma
file = 10105 particle = gamma
file = 10106 particle = gamma
file = 10107 particle = gamma
file = 10108 particle = gamma
file = 10109 particle = gamma
file = 10110 particle = gamma
file = 10111 particle = neutron
file = 10112 particle = gamma
file = 10113 particle = gamma
file = 10114 particle = gamma
file = 10115 particle = gamma
file = 10116 particle = gamma
file = 10117 particle = neutron
file = 10118 particle = gamma
file = 10119 particle = gamma
file = 10120 particle = gamma
file = 10121 particle = neutron
file = 10122 particle = gamma
file = 10123 particle = gamma
file = 10124 particle = gamma
file = 10125 particle = gamma
file = 10126 particle = neutron
file = 10127 particle = gamma
file = 10128 particle = gamma
file = 10129 particle = neutron
file = 10130 particle = gamma
file = 10131 particle = gamma
file = 10132 particle = gamma
file = 10133 particle = gamma
file = 10134 particle = gamma
file = 10135 particle = gamma
file = 10136 particle = gamma
file = 10137 particle = gamma
file = 10138 particle = gamma
file = 10139 particle = gamma
file = 10140 particle = gamma
file = 10141 particle = gamma
file = 10142 particle = gamma
file = 10143 particle = gamma
file = 10144 particle = gamma
file = 10145 particle = neutron
file = 10146 particle = gamma
file = 10147 particle = neutron
file = 10148 particle = neutron
file = 10149 particle = neutron
file = 10150 particle = gamma
file = 10151 particle = gamma
file = 10152 particle = gamma
file = 10153 particle = neutron
file = 10154 particle = gamma
file = 10155 particle = gamma
file = 10156 particle = neutron
file = 10157 particle = gamma
file = 10158 particle = gamma
file = 10159 particle = neutron
file = 10160 particle = gamma
file = 10161 particle = gamma
file = 10162 particle = gamma
file = 10163 particle = gamma
file = 10164 particle = gamma
file = 10165 particle = gamma
file = 10166 particle = gamma
file = 10167 particle = neutron
file = 10168 particle = gamma
file = 10169 particle = gamma
file = 10170 particle = gamma
file = 10171 particle = gamma
file = 10172 particle = gamma
file = 10173 particle = neutron
file = 10174 particle = gamma
file = 10175 particle = gamma
file = 10176 particle = gamma
file = 10177 particle = neutron
file = 10178 particle = gamma
file = 10179 particle = gamma
file = 10180 particle = neutron
file = 10181 particle = gamma
file = 10182 particle = gamma
file = 10183 particle = gamma
file = 10184 particle = gamma
file = 10185 particle = gamma
file = 10186 particle = gamma
file = 10187 particle = gamma
file = 10188 particle = gamma
file = 10189 particle = gamma
file = 10190 particle = gamma
file = 10191 particle = gamma
file = 10192 particle = gamma
file = 10193 particle = neutron
file = 10194 particle = gamma
file = 10195 particle = gamma
file = 10196 particle = gamma
file = 10197 particle = gamma
file = 10198 particle = gamma
file = 10199 particle = gamma
file = 10200 particle = gamma
file = 10201 particle = gamma
file = 10202 particle = gamma
file = 10203 particle = gamma
file = 10204 particle = gamma
file = 10205 particle = gamma
file = 10206 particle = gamma
file = 10207 particle = gamma
file = 10208 particle = gamma
file = 10209 particle = gamma
file = 10210 particle = gamma
file = 10211 particle = neutron
file = 10212 particle = gamma
file = 10213 particle = gamma
file = 10214 particle = gamma
file = 10215 particle = gamma
file = 10216 particle = gamma
file = 10217 particle = gamma
file = 10218 particle = neutron
file = 10219 particle = gamma
file = 10220 particle = gamma
file = 10221 particle = gamma
file = 10222 particle = gamma
file = 10223 particle = gamma
file = 10224 particle = gamma
file = 10225 particle = neutron
file = 10226 particle = gamma
file = 10227 particle = gamma
file = 10228 particle = gamma
file = 10229 particle = gamma
file = 10230 particle = gamma
file = 10231 particle = gamma
file = 10232 particle = gamma
file = 10233 particle = neutron
file = 10234 particle = gamma
file = 10235 particle = gamma
file = 10236 particle = gamma
file = 10237 particle = gamma
file = 10238 particle = gamma
file = 10239 particle = gamma
file = 10240 particle = gamma
file = 10241 particle = gamma
file = 10242 particle = gamma
file = 10243 particle = gamma
file = 10244 particle = gamma
file = 10245 particle = gamma
file = 10246 particle = gamma
file = 10247 particle = gamma
file = 10248 particle = gamma
file = 10249 particle = gamma
file = 10250 particle = gamma
file = 10251 particle = neutron
file = 10252 particle = gamma
file = 10253 particle = gamma
file = 10254 particle = gamma
file = 10255 particle = gamma
file = 10256 particle = neutron
file = 10257 particle = gamma
file = 10258 particle = gamma
file = 10259 particle = neutron
file = 10260 particle = gamma
file = 10261 particle = gamma
file = 10262 particle = gamma
file = 10263 particle = neutron
file = 10264 particle = gamma
file = 10265 particle = gamma
file = 10266 particle = neutron
file = 10267 particle = gamma
file = 10268 particle = neutron
file = 10269 particle = gamma
file = 10270 particle = neutron
file = 10271 particle = gamma
file = 10272 particle = gamma
file = 10273 particle = gamma
file = 10274 particle = gamma
file = 10275 particle = gamma
file = 10276 particle = gamma
file = 10277 particle = gamma
file = 10278 particle = gamma
file = 10279 particle = gamma
file = 10280 particle = gamma
file = 10281 particle = neutron
file = 10282 particle = gamma
file = 10283 particle = gamma
file = 10284 particle = gamma
file = 10285 particle = gamma
file = 10286 particle = gamma
file = 10287 particle = gamma
file = 10288 particle = neutron
file = 10289 particle = gamma
file = 10290 particle = gamma
file = 10291 particle = gamma
file = 10292 particle = gamma
file = 10293 particle = gamma
file = 10294 particle = gamma
file = 10295 particle = gamma
file = 10296 particle = neutron
file = 10297 particle = gamma
file = 10298 particle = gamma
file = 10299 particle = gamma
file = 10300 particle = gamma
file = 10301 particle = gamma
file = 10302 particle = neutron
file = 10303 particle = gamma
file = 10304 particle = gamma
file = 10305 particle = gamma
file = 10306 particle = gamma
file = 10307 particle = gamma
file = 10308 particle = gamma
file = 10309 particle = gamma
file = 10310 particle = gamma
file = 10311 particle = gamma
file = 10312 particle = gamma
file = 10313 particle = gamma
file = 10314 particle = neutron
file = 10315 particle = gamma
file = 10316 particle = gamma
file = 10317 particle = gamma
file = 10318 particle = gamma
file = 10319 particle = gamma
file = 10320 particle = gamma
file = 10321 particle = gamma
file = 10322 particle = gamma
file = 10323 particle = gamma
file = 10324 particle = gamma
file = 10325 particle = neutron
file = 10326 particle = gamma
file = 10327 particle = neutron
file = 10328 particle = neutron
file = 10329 particle = gamma
file = 10330 particle = neutron
file = 10331 particle = neutron
file = 10332 particle = gamma
file = 10333 particle = gamma
file = 10334 particle = gamma
file = 10335 particle = gamma
file = 10336 particle = gamma
file = 10337 particle = neutron
file = 10338 particle = gamma
file = 10339 particle = gamma
file = 10340 particle = gamma
file = 10341 particle = gamma
file = 10342 particle = neutron
file = 10343 particle = gamma
file = 10344 particle = gamma
file = 10345 particle = neutron
file = 10346 particle = gamma
file = 10347 particle = neutron
file = 10348 particle = gamma
file = 10349 particle = gamma
file = 10350 particle = neutron
file = 10351 particle = neutron
file = 10352 particle = gamma
file = 10353 particle = gamma
file = 10354 particle = gamma
file = 10355 particle = gamma
file = 10356 particle = gamma
file = 10357 particle = gamma
file = 10358 particle = gamma
file = 10359 particle = gamma
file = 10360 particle = gamma
file = 10361 particle = gamma
file = 10362 particle = gamma
file = 10363 particle = gamma
file = 10364 particle = gamma
file = 10365 particle = gamma
file = 10366 particle = gamma
file = 10367 particle = gamma
file = 10368 particle = gamma
file = 10369 particle = gamma
file = 10370 particle = gamma
file = 10371 particle = gamma
file = 10372 particle = gamma
file = 10373 particle = gamma
file = 10374 particle = gamma
file = 10375 particle = gamma
file = 10376 particle = gamma
file = 10377 particle = gamma
file = 10378 particle = gamma
file = 10379 particle = gamma
file = 10380 particle = gamma
file = 10381 particle = gamma
file = 10382 particle = gamma
file = 10383 particle = gamma
file = 10384 particle = gamma
file = 10385 particle = gamma
file = 10386 particle = gamma
file = 10387 particle = gamma
file = 10388 particle = neutron
file = 10389 particle = neutron
file = 10390 particle = gamma
file = 10391 particle = gamma
file = 10392 particle = gamma
file = 10393 particle = gamma
file = 10394 particle = gamma
file = 10395 particle = neutron
file = 10396 particle = gamma
file = 10397 particle = neutron
file = 10398 particle = gamma
file = 10399 particle = gamma
file = 10400 particle = gamma
file = 10401 particle = gamma
file = 10402 particle = gamma
file = 10403 particle = neutron
file = 10404 particle = gamma
file = 10405 particle = gamma
file = 10406 particle = gamma
file = 10407 particle = gamma
file = 10408 particle = gamma
file = 10409 particle = gamma
file = 10410 particle = gamma
file = 10411 particle = gamma
file = 10412 particle = neutron
file = 10413 particle = gamma
file = 10414 particle = gamma
file = 10415 particle = gamma
file = 10416 particle = gamma
file = 10417 particle = gamma
file = 10418 particle = gamma
file = 10419 particle = gamma
file = 10420 particle = gamma
file = 10421 particle = gamma
file = 10422 particle = gamma
file = 10423 particle = neutron
file = 10424 particle = gamma
file = 10425 particle = gamma
file = 10426 particle = gamma
file = 10427 particle = gamma
file = 10428 particle = gamma
file = 10429 particle = gamma
file = 10430 particle = neutron
file = 10431 particle = gamma
file = 10432 particle = gamma
file = 10433 particle = gamma
file = 10434 particle = gamma
file = 10435 particle = gamma
file = 10436 particle = gamma
file = 10437 particle = gamma
file = 10438 particle = gamma
file = 10439 particle = gamma
file = 10440 particle = gamma
file = 10441 particle = neutron
file = 10442 particle = gamma
file = 10443 particle = gamma
file = 10444 particle = gamma
file = 10445 particle = gamma
file = 10446 particle = gamma
file = 10447 particle = gamma
file = 10448 particle = gamma
file = 10449 particle = gamma
file = 10450 particle = gamma
file = 10451 particle = gamma
file = 10452 particle = gamma
file = 10453 particle = gamma
file = 10454 particle = neutron
file = 10455 particle = gamma
file = 10456 particle = gamma
file = 10457 particle = gamma
file = 10458 particle = gamma
file = 10459 particle = gamma
file = 10460 particle = gamma
file = 10461 particle = neutron
file = 10462 particle = gamma
file = 10463 particle = gamma
file = 10464 particle = gamma
file = 10465 particle = gamma
file = 10466 particle = gamma
file = 10467 particle = gamma
file = 10468 particle = gamma
file = 10469 particle = gamma
file = 10470 particle = neutron
file = 10471 particle = gamma
file = 10472 particle = gamma
file = 10473 particle = neutron
file = 10474 particle = gamma
file = 10475 particle = gamma
file = 10476 particle = gamma
file = 10477 particle = gamma
file = 10478 particle = gamma
file = 10479 particle = gamma
file = 10480 particle = gamma
file = 10481 particle = neutron
file = 10482 particle = gamma
file = 10483 particle = gamma
file = 10484 particle = gamma
file = 10485 particle = gamma
file = 10486 particle = gamma
file = 10487 particle = gamma
file = 10488 particle = neutron
file = 10489 particle = gamma
file = 10490 particle = gamma
file = 10491 particle = neutron
file = 10492 particle = gamma
file = 10493 particle = gamma
file = 10494 particle = gamma
file = 10495 particle = gamma
file = 10496 particle = gamma
file = 10497 particle = neutron
file = 10498 particle = gamma
file = 10499 particle = gamma
file = 10500 particle = gamma
file = 10501 particle = gamma
file = 10502 particle = gamma
file = 10503 particle = gamma
file = 10504 particle = gamma
file = 10505 particle = gamma
file = 10506 particle = gamma
file = 10507 particle = gamma
file = 10508 particle = gamma
file = 10509 particle = gamma
file = 10510 particle = gamma
file = 10511 particle = gamma
file = 10512 particle = gamma
file = 10513 particle = neutron
file = 10514 particle = gamma
file = 10515 particle = gamma
file = 10516 particle = gamma
file = 10517 particle = gamma
file = 10518 particle = gamma
file = 10519 particle = neutron
file = 10520 particle = gamma
file = 10521 particle = gamma
file = 10522 particle = neutron
file = 10523 particle = gamma
file = 10524 particle = gamma
file = 10525 particle = gamma
file = 10526 particle = neutron
file = 10527 particle = neutron
file = 10528 particle = gamma
file = 10529 particle = gamma
file = 10530 particle = gamma
file = 10531 particle = gamma
file = 10532 particle = gamma
file = 10533 particle = gamma
file = 10534 particle = gamma
file = 10535 particle = gamma
file = 10536 particle = neutron
file = 10537 particle = gamma
file = 10538 particle = gamma
file = 10539 particle = gamma
file = 10540 particle = gamma
file = 10541 particle = gamma
file = 10542 particle = neutron
file = 10543 particle = neutron
file = 10544 particle = neutron
file = 10545 particle = gamma
file = 10546 particle = gamma
file = 10547 particle = gamma
file = 10548 particle = neutron
file = 10549 particle = gamma
file = 10550 particle = gamma
file = 10551 particle = gamma
file = 10552 particle = neutron
file = 10553 particle = gamma
file = 10554 particle = gamma
file = 10555 particle = gamma
file = 10556 particle = gamma
file = 10557 particle = gamma
file = 10558 particle = gamma
file = 10559 particle = neutron
file = 10560 particle = gamma
file = 10561 particle = gamma
file = 10562 particle = gamma
file = 10563 particle = gamma
file = 10564 particle = gamma
file = 10565 particle = gamma
file = 10566 particle = neutron
file = 10567 particle = gamma
file = 10568 particle = gamma
file = 10569 particle = gamma
file = 10570 particle = neutron
file = 10571 particle = neutron
file = 10572 particle = gamma
file = 10573 particle = gamma
file = 10574 particle = neutron
file = 10575 particle = gamma
file = 10576 particle = gamma
file = 10577 particle = gamma
file = 10578 particle = gamma
file = 10579 particle = neutron
file = 10580 particle = gamma
file = 10581 particle = gamma
file = 10582 particle = gamma
file = 10583 particle = gamma
file = 10584 particle = gamma
file = 10585 particle = gamma
file = 10586 particle = gamma
file = 10587 particle = neutron
file = 10588 particle = neutron
file = 10589 particle = gamma
file = 10590 particle = gamma
file = 10591 particle = gamma
file = 10592 particle = gamma
file = 10593 particle = gamma
file = 10594 particle = gamma
file = 10595 particle = neutron
file = 10596 particle = gamma
file = 10597 particle = neutron
file = 10598 particle = gamma
file = 10599 particle = gamma
file = 10600 particle = gamma
file = 10601 particle = gamma
file = 10602 particle = gamma
file = 10603 particle = gamma
file = 10604 particle = gamma
file = 10605 particle = neutron
file = 10606 particle = gamma
file = 10607 particle = gamma
file = 10608 particle = gamma
file = 10609 particle = gamma
file = 10610 particle = neutron
file = 10611 particle = gamma
file = 10612 particle = gamma
file = 10613 particle = gamma
file = 10614 particle = gamma
file = 10615 particle = gamma
file = 10616 particle = gamma
file = 10617 particle = gamma
file = 10618 particle = gamma
file = 10619 particle = gamma
file = 10620 particle = neutron
file = 10621 particle = neutron
file = 10622 particle = gamma
file = 10623 particle = gamma
file = 10624 particle = gamma
file = 10625 particle = neutron
file = 10626 particle = gamma
file = 10627 particle = neutron
file = 10628 particle = gamma
file = 10629 particle = gamma
file = 10630 particle = gamma
file = 10631 particle = gamma
file = 10632 particle = gamma
file = 10633 particle = gamma
file = 10634 particle = gamma
file = 10635 particle = gamma
file = 10636 particle = gamma
file = 10637 particle = gamma
file = 10638 particle = gamma
file = 10639 particle = gamma
file = 10640 particle = gamma
file = 10641 particle = gamma
file = 10642 particle = gamma
file = 10643 particle = gamma
file = 10644 particle = gamma
file = 10645 particle = gamma
file = 10646 particle = neutron
file = 10647 particle = gamma
file = 10648 particle = gamma
file = 10649 particle = gamma
file = 10650 particle = gamma
file = 10651 particle = gamma
file = 10652 particle = neutron
file = 10653 particle = gamma
file = 10654 particle = gamma
file = 10655 particle = gamma
file = 10656 particle = gamma
file = 10657 particle = gamma
file = 10658 particle = gamma
file = 10659 particle = gamma
file = 10660 particle = gamma
file = 10661 particle = gamma
file = 10662 particle = gamma
file = 10663 particle = gamma
file = 10664 particle = gamma
file = 10665 particle = gamma
file = 10666 particle = gamma
file = 10667 particle = gamma
file = 10668 particle = gamma
file = 10669 particle = neutron
file = 10670 particle = gamma
file = 10671 particle = gamma
file = 10672 particle = neutron
file = 10673 particle = gamma
file = 10674 particle = gamma
file = 10675 particle = gamma
file = 10676 particle = gamma
file = 10677 particle = gamma
file = 10678 particle = gamma
file = 10679 particle = gamma
file = 10680 particle = gamma
file = 10681 particle = gamma
file = 10682 particle = gamma
file = 10683 particle = gamma
file = 10684 particle = gamma
file = 10685 particle = neutron
file = 10686 particle = neutron
file = 10687 particle = gamma
file = 10688 particle = gamma
file = 10689 particle = gamma
file = 10690 particle = gamma
file = 10691 particle = gamma
file = 10692 particle = gamma
file = 10693 particle = gamma
file = 10694 particle = gamma
file = 10695 particle = gamma
file = 10696 particle = gamma
file = 10697 particle = gamma
file = 10698 particle = gamma
file = 10699 particle = neutron
file = 10700 particle = gamma
file = 10701 particle = gamma
file = 10702 particle = gamma
file = 10703 particle = gamma
file = 10704 particle = gamma
file = 10705 particle = gamma
file = 10706 particle = gamma
file = 10707 particle = gamma
file = 10708 particle = neutron
file = 10709 particle = gamma
file = 10710 particle = gamma
file = 10711 particle = gamma
file = 10712 particle = neutron
file = 10713 particle = gamma
file = 10714 particle = gamma
file = 10715 particle = gamma
file = 10716 particle = gamma
file = 10717 particle = gamma
file = 10718 particle = gamma
file = 10719 particle = gamma
file = 10720 particle = gamma
file = 10721 particle = gamma
file = 10722 particle = gamma
file = 10723 particle = gamma
file = 10724 particle = gamma
file = 10725 particle = neutron
file = 10726 particle = gamma
file = 10727 particle = gamma
file = 10728 particle = gamma
file = 10729 particle = neutron
file = 10730 particle = gamma
file = 10731 particle = gamma
file = 10732 particle = gamma
file = 10733 particle = gamma
file = 10734 particle = gamma
file = 10735 particle = gamma
file = 10736 particle = gamma
file = 10737 particle = gamma
file = 10738 particle = gamma
file = 10739 particle = neutron
file = 10740 particle = gamma
file = 10741 particle = neutron
file = 10742 particle = gamma
file = 10743 particle = neutron
file = 10744 particle = gamma
file = 10745 particle = gamma
file = 10746 particle = gamma
file = 10747 particle = gamma
file = 10748 particle = gamma
file = 10749 particle = gamma
file = 10750 particle = neutron
file = 10751 particle = neutron
file = 10752 particle = neutron
file = 10753 particle = gamma
file = 10754 particle = gamma
file = 10755 particle = gamma
file = 10756 particle = neutron
file = 10757 particle = gamma
file = 10758 particle = gamma
file = 10759 particle = gamma
file = 10760 particle = gamma
file = 10761 particle = gamma
file = 10762 particle = gamma
file = 10763 particle = gamma
file = 10764 particle = gamma
file = 10765 particle = gamma
file = 10766 particle = gamma
file = 10767 particle = gamma
file = 10768 particle = gamma
file = 10769 particle = gamma
file = 10770 particle = gamma
file = 10771 particle = gamma
file = 10772 particle = gamma
file = 10773 particle = gamma
file = 10774 particle = gamma
file = 10775 particle = gamma
file = 10776 particle = gamma
file = 10777 particle = gamma
file = 10778 particle = gamma
file = 10779 particle = gamma
file = 10780 particle = gamma
file = 10781 particle = gamma
file = 10782 particle = gamma
file = 10783 particle = gamma
file = 10784 particle = neutron
file = 10785 particle = gamma
file = 10786 particle = gamma
file = 10787 particle = gamma
file = 10788 particle = gamma
file = 10789 particle = gamma
file = 10790 particle = gamma
file = 10791 particle = gamma
file = 10792 particle = gamma
file = 10793 particle = gamma
file = 10794 particle = gamma
file = 10795 particle = gamma
file = 10796 particle = gamma
file = 10797 particle = neutron
file = 10798 particle = gamma
file = 10799 particle = gamma
file = 10800 particle = gamma
file = 10801 particle = gamma
file = 10802 particle = gamma
file = 10803 particle = gamma
file = 10804 particle = gamma
file = 10805 particle = neutron
file = 10806 particle = gamma
file = 10807 particle = gamma
file = 10808 particle = gamma
file = 10809 particle = gamma
file = 10810 particle = gamma
file = 10811 particle = neutron
file = 10812 particle = gamma
file = 10813 particle = gamma
file = 10814 particle = neutron
file = 10815 particle = gamma
file = 10816 particle = gamma
file = 10817 particle = gamma
file = 10818 particle = gamma
file = 10819 particle = neutron
file = 10820 particle = gamma
file = 10821 particle = neutron
file = 10822 particle = gamma
file = 10823 particle = gamma
file = 10824 particle = neutron
file = 10825 particle = gamma
file = 10826 particle = gamma
file = 10827 particle = gamma
file = 10828 particle = gamma
file = 10829 particle = gamma
file = 10830 particle = gamma
file = 10831 particle = gamma
file = 10832 particle = gamma
file = 10833 particle = gamma
file = 10834 particle = gamma
file = 10835 particle = gamma
file = 10836 particle = neutron
file = 10837 particle = gamma
file = 10838 particle = gamma
file = 10839 particle = gamma
file = 10840 particle = neutron
file = 10841 particle = gamma
file = 10842 particle = gamma
file = 10843 particle = gamma
file = 10844 particle = gamma
file = 10845 particle = gamma
file = 10846 particle = gamma
file = 10847 particle = gamma
file = 10848 particle = gamma
file = 10849 particle = gamma
file = 10850 particle = neutron
file = 10851 particle = gamma
file = 10852 particle = gamma
file = 10853 particle = gamma
file = 10854 particle = gamma
file = 10855 particle = gamma
file = 10856 particle = gamma
file = 10857 particle = gamma
file = 10858 particle = gamma
file = 10859 particle = gamma
file = 10860 particle = gamma
file = 10861 particle = neutron
file = 10862 particle = gamma
file = 10863 particle = gamma
file = 10864 particle = neutron
file = 10865 particle = gamma
file = 10866 particle = gamma
file = 10867 particle = gamma
file = 10868 particle = gamma
file = 10869 particle = gamma
file = 10870 particle = gamma
file = 10871 particle = gamma
file = 10872 particle = neutron
file = 10873 particle = neutron
file = 10874 particle = neutron
file = 10875 particle = gamma
file = 10876 particle = neutron
file = 10877 particle = neutron
file = 10878 particle = gamma
file = 10879 particle = gamma
file = 10880 particle = gamma
file = 10881 particle = gamma
file = 10882 particle = gamma
file = 10883 particle = gamma
file = 10884 particle = gamma
file = 10885 particle = neutron
file = 10886 particle = gamma
file = 10887 particle = gamma
file = 10888 particle = gamma
file = 10889 particle = gamma
file = 10890 particle = gamma
file = 10891 particle = gamma
file = 10892 particle = gamma
file = 10893 particle = gamma
file = 10894 particle = gamma
file = 10895 particle = gamma
file = 10896 particle = gamma
file = 10897 particle = gamma
file = 10898 particle = gamma
file = 10899 particle = gamma
file = 10900 particle = gamma
file = 10901 particle = neutron
file = 10902 particle = gamma
file = 10903 particle = neutron
file = 10904 particle = neutron
file = 10905 particle = gamma
file = 10906 particle = neutron
file = 10907 particle = gamma
file = 10908 particle = gamma
file = 10909 particle = gamma
file = 10910 particle = gamma
file = 10911 particle = gamma
file = 10912 particle = gamma
file = 10913 particle = gamma
file = 10914 particle = gamma
file = 10915 particle = gamma
file = 10916 particle = neutron
file = 10917 particle = neutron
file = 10918 particle = gamma
file = 10919 particle = gamma
file = 10920 particle = gamma
file = 10921 particle = gamma
file = 10922 particle = gamma
file = 10923 particle = neutron
file = 10924 particle = gamma
file = 10925 particle = gamma
file = 10926 particle = gamma
file = 10927 particle = gamma
file = 10928 particle = gamma
file = 10929 particle = gamma
file = 10930 particle = neutron
file = 10931 particle = gamma
file = 10932 particle = gamma
file = 10933 particle = gamma
file = 10934 particle = neutron
file = 10935 particle = gamma
file = 10936 particle = gamma
file = 10937 particle = gamma
file = 10938 particle = gamma
file = 10939 particle = gamma
file = 10940 particle = gamma
file = 10941 particle = gamma
file = 10942 particle = gamma
file = 10943 particle = neutron
file = 10944 particle = gamma
file = 10945 particle = gamma
file = 10946 particle = gamma
file = 10947 particle = gamma
file = 10948 particle = gamma
file = 10949 particle = gamma
file = 10950 particle = gamma
file = 10951 particle = gamma
file = 10952 particle = gamma
file = 10953 particle = gamma
file = 10954 particle = gamma
file = 10955 particle = gamma
file = 10956 particle = gamma
file = 10957 particle = neutron
file = 10958 particle = neutron
file = 10959 particle = gamma
file = 10960 particle = gamma
file = 10961 particle = neutron
file = 10962 particle = gamma
file = 10963 particle = gamma
file = 10964 particle = gamma
file = 10965 particle = gamma
file = 10966 particle = gamma
file = 10967 particle = gamma
file = 10968 particle = gamma
file = 10969 particle = gamma
file = 10970 particle = gamma
file = 10971 particle = gamma
file = 10972 particle = gamma
file = 10973 particle = gamma
file = 10974 particle = neutron
file = 10975 particle = gamma
file = 10976 particle = gamma
file = 10977 particle = gamma
file = 10978 particle = gamma
file = 10979 particle = gamma
file = 10980 particle = gamma
file = 10981 particle = gamma
file = 10982 particle = gamma
file = 10983 particle = gamma
file = 10984 particle = gamma
file = 10985 particle = gamma
file = 10986 particle = neutron
file = 10987 particle = neutron
file = 10988 particle = gamma
file = 10989 particle = neutron
file = 10990 particle = gamma
file = 10991 particle = gamma
file = 10992 particle = gamma
file = 10993 particle = gamma
file = 10994 particle = gamma
file = 10995 particle = neutron
file = 10996 particle = gamma
file = 10997 particle = gamma
file = 10998 particle = gamma
file = 10999 particle = gamma
file = 11000 particle = gamma
file = 11001 particle = gamma
file = 11002 particle = gamma
file = 11003 particle = gamma
file = 11004 particle = gamma
file = 11005 particle = gamma
file = 11006 particle = gamma
file = 11007 particle = gamma
file = 11008 particle = gamma
file = 11009 particle = gamma
file = 11010 particle = neutron
file = 11011 particle = gamma
file = 11012 particle = gamma
file = 11013 particle = gamma
file = 11014 particle = gamma
file = 11015 particle = gamma
file = 11016 particle = gamma
file = 11017 particle = gamma
file = 11018 particle = gamma
file = 11019 particle = gamma
file = 11020 particle = gamma
file = 11021 particle = neutron
file = 11022 particle = gamma
file = 11023 particle = neutron
file = 11024 particle = gamma
file = 11025 particle = gamma
file = 11026 particle = gamma
file = 11027 particle = gamma
file = 11028 particle = gamma
file = 11029 particle = gamma
file = 11030 particle = gamma
file = 11031 particle = gamma
file = 11032 particle = gamma
file = 11033 particle = gamma
file = 11034 particle = gamma
file = 11035 particle = neutron
file = 11036 particle = gamma
file = 11037 particle = gamma
file = 11038 particle = gamma
file = 11039 particle = gamma
file = 11040 particle = gamma
file = 11041 particle = gamma
file = 11042 particle = gamma
file = 11043 particle = gamma
file = 11044 particle = gamma
file = 11045 particle = gamma
file = 11046 particle = gamma
file = 11047 particle = gamma
file = 11048 particle = gamma
file = 11049 particle = gamma
file = 11050 particle = gamma
file = 11051 particle = gamma
file = 11052 particle = gamma
file = 11053 particle = gamma
file = 11054 particle = gamma
file = 11055 particle = neutron
file = 11056 particle = gamma
file = 11057 particle = gamma
file = 11058 particle = gamma
file = 11059 particle = gamma
file = 11060 particle = gamma
file = 11061 particle = neutron
file = 11062 particle = gamma
file = 11063 particle = gamma
file = 11064 particle = gamma
file = 11065 particle = gamma
file = 11066 particle = gamma
file = 11067 particle = gamma
file = 11068 particle = gamma
file = 11069 particle = neutron
file = 11070 particle = gamma
file = 11071 particle = gamma
file = 11072 particle = gamma
file = 11073 particle = gamma
file = 11074 particle = gamma
file = 11075 particle = gamma
file = 11076 particle = neutron
file = 11077 particle = gamma
file = 11078 particle = gamma
file = 11079 particle = neutron
file = 11080 particle = gamma
file = 11081 particle = gamma
file = 11082 particle = gamma
file = 11083 particle = gamma
file = 11084 particle = neutron
file = 11085 particle = gamma
file = 11086 particle = gamma
file = 11087 particle = gamma
file = 11088 particle = gamma
file = 11089 particle = gamma
file = 11090 particle = gamma
file = 11091 particle = gamma
file = 11092 particle = gamma
file = 11093 particle = neutron
file = 11094 particle = gamma
file = 11095 particle = gamma
file = 11096 particle = neutron
file = 11097 particle = gamma
file = 11098 particle = gamma
file = 11099 particle = gamma
file = 11100 particle = gamma
file = 11101 particle = gamma
file = 11102 particle = gamma
file = 11103 particle = gamma
file = 11104 particle = gamma
file = 11105 particle = gamma
file = 11106 particle = gamma
file = 11107 particle = gamma
file = 11108 particle = gamma
file = 11109 particle = gamma
file = 11110 particle = neutron
file = 11111 particle = gamma
file = 11112 particle = neutron
file = 11113 particle = neutron
file = 11114 particle = neutron
file = 11115 particle = gamma
file = 11116 particle = neutron
file = 11117 particle = gamma
file = 11118 particle = gamma
file = 11119 particle = gamma
file = 11120 particle = gamma
file = 11121 particle = gamma
file = 11122 particle = gamma
file = 11123 particle = neutron
file = 11124 particle = neutron
file = 11125 particle = gamma
file = 11126 particle = gamma
file = 11127 particle = gamma
file = 11128 particle = gamma
file = 11129 particle = gamma
file = 11130 particle = gamma
file = 11131 particle = gamma
file = 11132 particle = gamma
file = 11133 particle = neutron
file = 11134 particle = gamma
file = 11135 particle = gamma
file = 11136 particle = neutron
file = 11137 particle = gamma
file = 11138 particle = neutron
file = 11139 particle = gamma
file = 11140 particle = gamma
file = 11141 particle = neutron
file = 11142 particle = gamma
file = 11143 particle = neutron
file = 11144 particle = gamma
file = 11145 particle = gamma
file = 11146 particle = gamma
file = 11147 particle = gamma
file = 11148 particle = gamma
file = 11149 particle = neutron
file = 11150 particle = gamma
file = 11151 particle = neutron
file = 11152 particle = gamma
file = 11153 particle = gamma
file = 11154 particle = gamma
file = 11155 particle = gamma
file = 11156 particle = gamma
file = 11157 particle = gamma
file = 11158 particle = gamma
file = 11159 particle = gamma
file = 11160 particle = gamma
file = 11161 particle = gamma
file = 11162 particle = gamma
file = 11163 particle = neutron
file = 11164 particle = gamma
file = 11165 particle = gamma
file = 11166 particle = gamma
file = 11167 particle = gamma
file = 11168 particle = gamma
file = 11169 particle = gamma
file = 11170 particle = gamma
file = 11171 particle = neutron
file = 11172 particle = gamma
file = 11173 particle = gamma
file = 11174 particle = gamma
file = 11175 particle = gamma
file = 11176 particle = gamma
file = 11177 particle = gamma
file = 11178 particle = gamma
file = 11179 particle = neutron
file = 11180 particle = gamma
file = 11181 particle = gamma
file = 11182 particle = neutron
file = 11183 particle = neutron
file = 11184 particle = gamma
file = 11185 particle = gamma
file = 11186 particle = gamma
file = 11187 particle = gamma
file = 11188 particle = gamma
file = 11189 particle = gamma
file = 11190 particle = gamma
file = 11191 particle = gamma
file = 11192 particle = gamma
file = 11193 particle = gamma
file = 11194 particle = gamma
file = 11195 particle = neutron
file = 11196 particle = gamma
file = 11197 particle = gamma
file = 11198 particle = gamma
file = 11199 particle = gamma
file = 11200 particle = gamma
file = 11201 particle = gamma
file = 11202 particle = gamma
file = 11203 particle = gamma
file = 11204 particle = gamma
file = 11205 particle = neutron
file = 11206 particle = gamma
file = 11207 particle = gamma
file = 11208 particle = gamma
file = 11209 particle = gamma
file = 11210 particle = gamma
file = 11211 particle = neutron
file = 11212 particle = neutron
file = 11213 particle = gamma
file = 11214 particle = gamma
file = 11215 particle = gamma
file = 11216 particle = gamma
file = 11217 particle = neutron
file = 11218 particle = gamma
file = 11219 particle = gamma
file = 11220 particle = neutron
file = 11221 particle = gamma
file = 11222 particle = gamma
file = 11223 particle = gamma
file = 11224 particle = gamma
file = 11225 particle = gamma
file = 11226 particle = gamma
file = 11227 particle = gamma
file = 11228 particle = gamma
file = 11229 particle = gamma
file = 11230 particle = gamma
file = 11231 particle = gamma
file = 11232 particle = gamma
file = 11233 particle = gamma
file = 11234 particle = gamma
file = 11235 particle = gamma
file = 11236 particle = gamma
file = 11237 particle = gamma
file = 11238 particle = gamma
file = 11239 particle = gamma
file = 11240 particle = gamma
file = 11241 particle = gamma
file = 11242 particle = gamma
file = 11243 particle = neutron
file = 11244 particle = gamma
file = 11245 particle = gamma
file = 11246 particle = gamma
file = 11247 particle = gamma
file = 11248 particle = neutron
file = 11249 particle = gamma
file = 11250 particle = gamma
file = 11251 particle = gamma
file = 11252 particle = gamma
file = 11253 particle = neutron
file = 11254 particle = gamma
file = 11255 particle = gamma
file = 11256 particle = gamma
file = 11257 particle = gamma
file = 11258 particle = gamma
file = 11259 particle = gamma
file = 11260 particle = gamma
file = 11261 particle = gamma
file = 11262 particle = neutron
file = 11263 particle = gamma
file = 11264 particle = neutron
file = 11265 particle = gamma
file = 11266 particle = gamma
file = 11267 particle = gamma
file = 11268 particle = gamma
file = 11269 particle = gamma
file = 11270 particle = gamma
file = 11271 particle = neutron
file = 11272 particle = gamma
file = 11273 particle = gamma
file = 11274 particle = gamma
file = 11275 particle = gamma
file = 11276 particle = gamma
file = 11277 particle = gamma
file = 11278 particle = gamma
file = 11279 particle = neutron
file = 11280 particle = neutron
file = 11281 particle = gamma
file = 11282 particle = gamma
file = 11283 particle = gamma
file = 11284 particle = gamma
file = 11285 particle = gamma
file = 11286 particle = gamma
file = 11287 particle = gamma
file = 11288 particle = gamma
file = 11289 particle = gamma
file = 11290 particle = gamma
file = 11291 particle = gamma
file = 11292 particle = gamma
file = 11293 particle = gamma
file = 11294 particle = gamma
file = 11295 particle = gamma
file = 11296 particle = neutron
file = 11297 particle = gamma
file = 11298 particle = gamma
file = 11299 particle = gamma
file = 11300 particle = gamma
file = 11301 particle = gamma
file = 11302 particle = gamma
file = 11303 particle = gamma
file = 11304 particle = gamma
file = 11305 particle = neutron
file = 11306 particle = gamma
file = 11307 particle = gamma
file = 11308 particle = gamma
file = 11309 particle = neutron
file = 11310 particle = neutron
file = 11311 particle = gamma
file = 11312 particle = gamma
file = 11313 particle = gamma
file = 11314 particle = gamma
file = 11315 particle = gamma
file = 11316 particle = neutron
file = 11317 particle = gamma
file = 11318 particle = gamma
file = 11319 particle = gamma
file = 11320 particle = gamma
file = 11321 particle = neutron
file = 11322 particle = gamma
file = 11323 particle = neutron
file = 11324 particle = gamma
file = 11325 particle = gamma
file = 11326 particle = gamma
file = 11327 particle = gamma
file = 11328 particle = gamma
file = 11329 particle = gamma
file = 11330 particle = gamma
file = 11331 particle = neutron
file = 11332 particle = gamma
file = 11333 particle = gamma
file = 11334 particle = gamma
file = 11335 particle = neutron
file = 11336 particle = neutron
file = 11337 particle = gamma
file = 11338 particle = gamma
file = 11339 particle = gamma
file = 11340 particle = gamma
file = 11341 particle = gamma
file = 11342 particle = neutron
file = 11343 particle = gamma
file = 11344 particle = gamma
file = 11345 particle = neutron
file = 11346 particle = gamma
file = 11347 particle = gamma
file = 11348 particle = gamma
file = 11349 particle = neutron
file = 11350 particle = gamma
file = 11351 particle = gamma
file = 11352 particle = gamma
file = 11353 particle = neutron
file = 11354 particle = gamma
file = 11355 particle = gamma
file = 11356 particle = gamma
file = 11357 particle = neutron
file = 11358 particle = gamma
file = 11359 particle = gamma
file = 11360 particle = gamma
file = 11361 particle = gamma
file = 11362 particle = gamma
file = 11363 particle = gamma
file = 11364 particle = gamma
file = 11365 particle = neutron
file = 11366 particle = gamma
file = 11367 particle = gamma
file = 11368 particle = neutron
file = 11369 particle = neutron
file = 11370 particle = gamma
file = 11371 particle = gamma
file = 11372 particle = gamma
file = 11373 particle = gamma
file = 11374 particle = gamma
file = 11375 particle = gamma
file = 11376 particle = gamma
file = 11377 particle = gamma
file = 11378 particle = gamma
file = 11379 particle = gamma
file = 11380 particle = gamma
file = 11381 particle = gamma
file = 11382 particle = gamma
file = 11383 particle = gamma
file = 11384 particle = neutron
file = 11385 particle = gamma
file = 11386 particle = gamma
file = 11387 particle = gamma
file = 11388 particle = neutron
file = 11389 particle = gamma
file = 11390 particle = neutron
file = 11391 particle = gamma
file = 11392 particle = gamma
file = 11393 particle = gamma
file = 11394 particle = gamma
file = 11395 particle = gamma
file = 11396 particle = gamma
file = 11397 particle = gamma
file = 11398 particle = gamma
file = 11399 particle = gamma
file = 11400 particle = gamma
file = 11401 particle = gamma
file = 11402 particle = gamma
file = 11403 particle = gamma
file = 11404 particle = neutron
file = 11405 particle = gamma
file = 11406 particle = neutron
file = 11407 particle = gamma
file = 11408 particle = gamma
file = 11409 particle = gamma
file = 11410 particle = gamma
file = 11411 particle = neutron
file = 11412 particle = gamma
file = 11413 particle = gamma
file = 11414 particle = gamma
file = 11415 particle = neutron
file = 11416 particle = neutron
file = 11417 particle = gamma
file = 11418 particle = gamma
file = 11419 particle = gamma
file = 11420 particle = neutron
file = 11421 particle = gamma
file = 11422 particle = neutron
file = 11423 particle = gamma
file = 11424 particle = gamma
file = 11425 particle = gamma
file = 11426 particle = gamma
file = 11427 particle = gamma
file = 11428 particle = neutron
file = 11429 particle = gamma
file = 11430 particle = gamma
file = 11431 particle = gamma
file = 11432 particle = gamma
file = 11433 particle = gamma
file = 11434 particle = gamma
file = 11435 particle = gamma
file = 11436 particle = gamma
file = 11437 particle = gamma
file = 11438 particle = gamma
file = 11439 particle = neutron
file = 11440 particle = gamma
file = 11441 particle = neutron
file = 11442 particle = gamma
file = 11443 particle = gamma
file = 11444 particle = neutron
file = 11445 particle = gamma
file = 11446 particle = gamma
file = 11447 particle = gamma
file = 11448 particle = gamma
file = 11449 particle = gamma
file = 11450 particle = gamma
file = 11451 particle = neutron
file = 11452 particle = gamma
file = 11453 particle = gamma
file = 11454 particle = gamma
file = 11455 particle = gamma
file = 11456 particle = gamma
file = 11457 particle = gamma
file = 11458 particle = gamma
file = 11459 particle = gamma
file = 11460 particle = neutron
file = 11461 particle = neutron
file = 11462 particle = gamma
file = 11463 particle = gamma
file = 11464 particle = gamma
file = 11465 particle = gamma
file = 11466 particle = gamma
file = 11467 particle = gamma
file = 11468 particle = gamma
file = 11469 particle = gamma
file = 11470 particle = gamma
file = 11471 particle = gamma
file = 11472 particle = gamma
file = 11473 particle = neutron
file = 11474 particle = gamma
file = 11475 particle = gamma
file = 11476 particle = neutron
file = 11477 particle = gamma
file = 11478 particle = gamma
file = 11479 particle = gamma
file = 11480 particle = gamma
file = 11481 particle = gamma
file = 11482 particle = gamma
file = 11483 particle = gamma
file = 11484 particle = gamma
file = 11485 particle = gamma
file = 11486 particle = neutron
file = 11487 particle = neutron
file = 11488 particle = gamma
file = 11489 particle = gamma
file = 11490 particle = neutron
file = 11491 particle = gamma
file = 11492 particle = gamma
file = 11493 particle = gamma
file = 11494 particle = gamma
file = 11495 particle = neutron
file = 11496 particle = gamma
file = 11497 particle = gamma
file = 11498 particle = gamma
file = 11499 particle = gamma
file = 11500 particle = neutron
file = 11501 particle = gamma
file = 11502 particle = neutron
file = 11503 particle = gamma
file = 11504 particle = gamma
file = 11505 particle = neutron
file = 11506 particle = neutron
file = 11507 particle = gamma
file = 11508 particle = neutron
file = 11509 particle = neutron
file = 11510 particle = gamma
file = 11511 particle = gamma
file = 11512 particle = gamma
file = 11513 particle = gamma
file = 11514 particle = gamma
file = 11515 particle = neutron
file = 11516 particle = neutron
file = 11517 particle = gamma
file = 11518 particle = gamma
file = 11519 particle = gamma
file = 11520 particle = gamma
file = 11521 particle = gamma
file = 11522 particle = gamma
file = 11523 particle = gamma
file = 11524 particle = gamma
file = 11525 particle = gamma
file = 11526 particle = neutron
file = 11527 particle = neutron
file = 11528 particle = neutron
file = 11529 particle = gamma
file = 11530 particle = gamma
file = 11531 particle = gamma
file = 11532 particle = gamma
file = 11533 particle = gamma
file = 11534 particle = gamma
file = 11535 particle = gamma
file = 11536 particle = gamma
file = 11537 particle = gamma
file = 11538 particle = gamma
file = 11539 particle = gamma
file = 11540 particle = gamma
file = 11541 particle = gamma
file = 11542 particle = gamma
file = 11543 particle = gamma
file = 11544 particle = gamma
file = 11545 particle = gamma
file = 11546 particle = gamma
file = 11547 particle = gamma
file = 11548 particle = gamma
file = 11549 particle = gamma
file = 11550 particle = gamma
file = 11551 particle = gamma
file = 11552 particle = gamma
file = 11553 particle = neutron
file = 11554 particle = gamma
file = 11555 particle = gamma
file = 11556 particle = gamma
file = 11557 particle = gamma
file = 11558 particle = gamma
file = 11559 particle = gamma
file = 11560 particle = gamma
file = 11561 particle = gamma
file = 11562 particle = neutron
file = 11563 particle = gamma
file = 11564 particle = gamma
file = 11565 particle = neutron
file = 11566 particle = gamma
file = 11567 particle = gamma
file = 11568 particle = neutron
file = 11569 particle = gamma
file = 11570 particle = gamma
file = 11571 particle = gamma
file = 11572 particle = gamma
file = 11573 particle = gamma
file = 11574 particle = gamma
file = 11575 particle = neutron
file = 11576 particle = neutron
file = 11577 particle = gamma
file = 11578 particle = neutron
file = 11579 particle = gamma
file = 11580 particle = gamma
file = 11581 particle = gamma
file = 11582 particle = gamma
file = 11583 particle = gamma
file = 11584 particle = gamma
file = 11585 particle = gamma
file = 11586 particle = gamma
file = 11587 particle = neutron
file = 11588 particle = gamma
file = 11589 particle = gamma
file = 11590 particle = gamma
file = 11591 particle = gamma
file = 11592 particle = neutron
file = 11593 particle = gamma
file = 11594 particle = gamma
file = 11595 particle = gamma
file = 11596 particle = gamma
file = 11597 particle = gamma
file = 11598 particle = gamma
file = 11599 particle = neutron
file = 11600 particle = neutron
file = 11601 particle = neutron
file = 11602 particle = gamma
file = 11603 particle = gamma
file = 11604 particle = gamma
file = 11605 particle = gamma
file = 11606 particle = neutron
file = 11607 particle = gamma
file = 11608 particle = gamma
file = 11609 particle = gamma
file = 11610 particle = neutron
file = 11611 particle = gamma
file = 11612 particle = gamma
file = 11613 particle = gamma
file = 11614 particle = gamma
file = 11615 particle = gamma
file = 11616 particle = gamma
file = 11617 particle = gamma
file = 11618 particle = gamma
file = 11619 particle = gamma
file = 11620 particle = gamma
file = 11621 particle = gamma
file = 11622 particle = gamma
file = 11623 particle = gamma
file = 11624 particle = gamma
file = 11625 particle = gamma
file = 11626 particle = gamma
file = 11627 particle = neutron
file = 11628 particle = neutron
file = 11629 particle = gamma
file = 11630 particle = gamma
file = 11631 particle = gamma
file = 11632 particle = gamma
file = 11633 particle = gamma
file = 11634 particle = gamma
file = 11635 particle = gamma
file = 11636 particle = gamma
file = 11637 particle = gamma
file = 11638 particle = gamma
file = 11639 particle = gamma
file = 11640 particle = gamma
file = 11641 particle = neutron
file = 11642 particle = gamma
file = 11643 particle = gamma
file = 11644 particle = gamma
file = 11645 particle = gamma
file = 11646 particle = gamma
file = 11647 particle = neutron
file = 11648 particle = gamma
file = 11649 particle = gamma
file = 11650 particle = gamma
file = 11651 particle = gamma
file = 11652 particle = gamma
file = 11653 particle = gamma
file = 11654 particle = gamma
file = 11655 particle = gamma
file = 11656 particle = gamma
file = 11657 particle = gamma
file = 11658 particle = gamma
file = 11659 particle = gamma
file = 11660 particle = gamma
file = 11661 particle = gamma
file = 11662 particle = gamma
file = 11663 particle = gamma
file = 11664 particle = gamma
file = 11665 particle = gamma
file = 11666 particle = neutron
file = 11667 particle = gamma
file = 11668 particle = gamma
file = 11669 particle = gamma
file = 11670 particle = gamma
file = 11671 particle = gamma
file = 11672 particle = gamma
file = 11673 particle = gamma
file = 11674 particle = gamma
file = 11675 particle = gamma
file = 11676 particle = gamma
file = 11677 particle = neutron
file = 11678 particle = gamma
file = 11679 particle = gamma
file = 11680 particle = gamma
file = 11681 particle = gamma
file = 11682 particle = neutron
file = 11683 particle = gamma
file = 11684 particle = gamma
file = 11685 particle = gamma
file = 11686 particle = gamma
file = 11687 particle = neutron
file = 11688 particle = gamma
file = 11689 particle = gamma
file = 11690 particle = gamma
file = 11691 particle = gamma
file = 11692 particle = neutron
file = 11693 particle = gamma
file = 11694 particle = neutron
file = 11695 particle = gamma
file = 11696 particle = gamma
file = 11697 particle = gamma
file = 11698 particle = gamma
file = 11699 particle = gamma
file = 11700 particle = neutron
file = 11701 particle = gamma
file = 11702 particle = neutron
file = 11703 particle = gamma
file = 11704 particle = gamma
file = 11705 particle = gamma
file = 11706 particle = gamma
file = 11707 particle = gamma
file = 11708 particle = neutron
file = 11709 particle = neutron
file = 11710 particle = gamma
file = 11711 particle = gamma
file = 11712 particle = gamma
file = 11713 particle = gamma
file = 11714 particle = neutron
file = 11715 particle = gamma
file = 11716 particle = gamma
file = 11717 particle = neutron
file = 11718 particle = gamma
file = 11719 particle = gamma
file = 11720 particle = gamma
file = 11721 particle = neutron
file = 11722 particle = gamma
file = 11723 particle = gamma
file = 11724 particle = gamma
file = 11725 particle = gamma
file = 11726 particle = gamma
file = 11727 particle = gamma
file = 11728 particle = gamma
file = 11729 particle = gamma
file = 11730 particle = gamma
file = 11731 particle = gamma
file = 11732 particle = gamma
file = 11733 particle = gamma
file = 11734 particle = gamma
file = 11735 particle = gamma
file = 11736 particle = gamma
file = 11737 particle = gamma
file = 11738 particle = neutron
file = 11739 particle = gamma
file = 11740 particle = neutron
file = 11741 particle = gamma
file = 11742 particle = neutron
file = 11743 particle = gamma
file = 11744 particle = neutron
file = 11745 particle = gamma
file = 11746 particle = gamma
file = 11747 particle = gamma
file = 11748 particle = gamma
file = 11749 particle = gamma
file = 11750 particle = gamma
file = 11751 particle = neutron
file = 11752 particle = gamma
file = 11753 particle = gamma
file = 11754 particle = neutron
file = 11755 particle = gamma
file = 11756 particle = gamma
file = 11757 particle = gamma
file = 11758 particle = gamma
file = 11759 particle = gamma
file = 11760 particle = neutron
file = 11761 particle = neutron
file = 11762 particle = gamma
file = 11763 particle = gamma
file = 11764 particle = gamma
file = 11765 particle = gamma
file = 11766 particle = neutron
file = 11767 particle = gamma
file = 11768 particle = gamma
file = 11769 particle = gamma
file = 11770 particle = neutron
file = 11771 particle = neutron
file = 11772 particle = gamma
file = 11773 particle = gamma
file = 11774 particle = gamma
file = 11775 particle = gamma
file = 11776 particle = gamma
file = 11777 particle = gamma
file = 11778 particle = gamma
file = 11779 particle = gamma
file = 11780 particle = gamma
file = 11781 particle = gamma
file = 11782 particle = gamma
file = 11783 particle = gamma
file = 11784 particle = gamma
file = 11785 particle = gamma
file = 11786 particle = gamma
file = 11787 particle = gamma
file = 11788 particle = gamma
file = 11789 particle = gamma
file = 11790 particle = gamma
file = 11791 particle = gamma
file = 11792 particle = gamma
file = 11793 particle = gamma
file = 11794 particle = gamma
file = 11795 particle = gamma
file = 11796 particle = gamma
file = 11797 particle = neutron
file = 11798 particle = gamma
file = 11799 particle = neutron
file = 11800 particle = gamma
file = 11801 particle = gamma
file = 11802 particle = gamma
file = 11803 particle = gamma
file = 11804 particle = gamma
file = 11805 particle = gamma
file = 11806 particle = gamma
file = 11807 particle = gamma
file = 11808 particle = gamma
file = 11809 particle = gamma
file = 11810 particle = gamma
file = 11811 particle = gamma
file = 11812 particle = gamma
file = 11813 particle = gamma
file = 11814 particle = gamma
file = 11815 particle = gamma
file = 11816 particle = gamma
file = 11817 particle = neutron
file = 11818 particle = gamma
file = 11819 particle = gamma
file = 11820 particle = gamma
file = 11821 particle = neutron
file = 11822 particle = gamma
file = 11823 particle = gamma
file = 11824 particle = gamma
file = 11825 particle = gamma
file = 11826 particle = neutron
file = 11827 particle = gamma
file = 11828 particle = gamma
file = 11829 particle = gamma
file = 11830 particle = neutron
file = 11831 particle = gamma
file = 11832 particle = gamma
file = 11833 particle = gamma
file = 11834 particle = gamma
file = 11835 particle = gamma
file = 11836 particle = gamma
file = 11837 particle = gamma
file = 11838 particle = gamma
file = 11839 particle = gamma
file = 11840 particle = neutron
file = 11841 particle = gamma
file = 11842 particle = gamma
file = 11843 particle = neutron
file = 11844 particle = gamma
file = 11845 particle = neutron
file = 11846 particle = gamma
file = 11847 particle = gamma
file = 11848 particle = gamma
file = 11849 particle = neutron
file = 11850 particle = gamma
file = 11851 particle = neutron
file = 11852 particle = gamma
file = 11853 particle = gamma
file = 11854 particle = neutron
file = 11855 particle = gamma
file = 11856 particle = gamma
file = 11857 particle = gamma
file = 11858 particle = gamma
file = 11859 particle = gamma
file = 11860 particle = gamma
file = 11861 particle = gamma
file = 11862 particle = neutron
file = 11863 particle = gamma
file = 11864 particle = gamma
file = 11865 particle = gamma
file = 11866 particle = gamma
file = 11867 particle = neutron
file = 11868 particle = gamma
file = 11869 particle = gamma
file = 11870 particle = gamma
file = 11871 particle = gamma
file = 11872 particle = gamma
file = 11873 particle = gamma
file = 11874 particle = gamma
file = 11875 particle = gamma
file = 11876 particle = gamma
file = 11877 particle = gamma
file = 11878 particle = gamma
file = 11879 particle = gamma
file = 11880 particle = gamma
file = 11881 particle = gamma
file = 11882 particle = gamma
file = 11883 particle = gamma
file = 11884 particle = gamma
file = 11885 particle = neutron
file = 11886 particle = gamma
file = 11887 particle = gamma
file = 11888 particle = gamma
file = 11889 particle = gamma
file = 11890 particle = gamma
file = 11891 particle = gamma
file = 11892 particle = gamma
file = 11893 particle = gamma
file = 11894 particle = gamma
file = 11895 particle = gamma
file = 11896 particle = gamma
file = 11897 particle = gamma
file = 11898 particle = gamma
file = 11899 particle = gamma
file = 11900 particle = gamma
file = 11901 particle = gamma
file = 11902 particle = gamma
file = 11903 particle = gamma
file = 11904 particle = gamma
file = 11905 particle = gamma
file = 11906 particle = gamma
file = 11907 particle = gamma
file = 11908 particle = gamma
file = 11909 particle = gamma
file = 11910 particle = neutron
file = 11911 particle = gamma
file = 11912 particle = gamma
file = 11913 particle = gamma
file = 11914 particle = gamma
file = 11915 particle = neutron
file = 11916 particle = gamma
file = 11917 particle = gamma
file = 11918 particle = gamma
file = 11919 particle = gamma
file = 11920 particle = gamma
file = 11921 particle = gamma
file = 11922 particle = gamma
file = 11923 particle = gamma
file = 11924 particle = gamma
file = 11925 particle = neutron
file = 11926 particle = gamma
file = 11927 particle = gamma
file = 11928 particle = gamma
file = 11929 particle = gamma
file = 11930 particle = gamma
file = 11931 particle = neutron
file = 11932 particle = gamma
file = 11933 particle = neutron
file = 11934 particle = gamma
file = 11935 particle = gamma
file = 11936 particle = gamma
file = 11937 particle = gamma
file = 11938 particle = gamma
file = 11939 particle = gamma
file = 11940 particle = gamma
file = 11941 particle = gamma
file = 11942 particle = gamma
file = 11943 particle = neutron
file = 11944 particle = gamma
file = 11945 particle = gamma
file = 11946 particle = gamma
file = 11947 particle = gamma
file = 11948 particle = neutron
file = 11949 particle = gamma
file = 11950 particle = gamma
file = 11951 particle = gamma
file = 11952 particle = gamma
file = 11953 particle = gamma
file = 11954 particle = neutron
file = 11955 particle = gamma
file = 11956 particle = gamma
file = 11957 particle = gamma
file = 11958 particle = gamma
file = 11959 particle = gamma
file = 11960 particle = neutron
file = 11961 particle = gamma
file = 11962 particle = neutron
file = 11963 particle = gamma
file = 11964 particle = gamma
file = 11965 particle = gamma
file = 11966 particle = gamma
file = 11967 particle = gamma
file = 11968 particle = neutron
file = 11969 particle = gamma
file = 11970 particle = gamma
file = 11971 particle = neutron
file = 11972 particle = gamma
file = 11973 particle = gamma
file = 11974 particle = gamma
file = 11975 particle = neutron
file = 11976 particle = gamma
file = 11977 particle = gamma
file = 11978 particle = gamma
file = 11979 particle = gamma
file = 11980 particle = gamma
file = 11981 particle = gamma
file = 11982 particle = gamma
file = 11983 particle = gamma
file = 11984 particle = gamma
file = 11985 particle = gamma
file = 11986 particle = gamma
file = 11987 particle = neutron
file = 11988 particle = gamma
file = 11989 particle = gamma
file = 11990 particle = gamma
file = 11991 particle = gamma
file = 11992 particle = gamma
file = 11993 particle = gamma
file = 11994 particle = gamma
file = 11995 particle = gamma
file = 11996 particle = neutron
file = 11997 particle = neutron
file = 11998 particle = gamma
file = 11999 particle = gamma
file = 12000 particle = neutron
file = 12001 particle = gamma
file = 12002 particle = gamma
file = 12003 particle = gamma
file = 12004 particle = gamma
file = 12005 particle = gamma
file = 12006 particle = gamma
file = 12007 particle = gamma
file = 12008 particle = gamma
file = 12009 particle = gamma
file = 12010 particle = neutron
file = 12011 particle = gamma
file = 12012 particle = gamma
file = 12013 particle = gamma
file = 12014 particle = gamma
file = 12015 particle = gamma
file = 12016 particle = gamma
file = 12017 particle = gamma
file = 12018 particle = gamma
file = 12019 particle = neutron
file = 12020 particle = gamma
file = 12021 particle = gamma
file = 12022 particle = gamma
file = 12023 particle = gamma
file = 12024 particle = gamma
file = 12025 particle = gamma
file = 12026 particle = gamma
file = 12027 particle = gamma
file = 12028 particle = gamma
file = 12029 particle = neutron
file = 12030 particle = gamma
file = 12031 particle = gamma
file = 12032 particle = gamma
file = 12033 particle = gamma
file = 12034 particle = neutron
file = 12035 particle = neutron
file = 12036 particle = gamma
file = 12037 particle = gamma
file = 12038 particle = gamma
file = 12039 particle = gamma
file = 12040 particle = gamma
file = 12041 particle = gamma
file = 12042 particle = gamma
file = 12043 particle = gamma
file = 12044 particle = neutron
file = 12045 particle = neutron
file = 12046 particle = gamma
file = 12047 particle = gamma
file = 12048 particle = neutron
file = 12049 particle = gamma
file = 12050 particle = neutron
file = 12051 particle = gamma
file = 12052 particle = neutron
file = 12053 particle = gamma
file = 12054 particle = gamma
file = 12055 particle = gamma
file = 12056 particle = gamma
file = 12057 particle = gamma
file = 12058 particle = gamma
file = 12059 particle = gamma
file = 12060 particle = gamma
file = 12061 particle = gamma
file = 12062 particle = gamma
file = 12063 particle = gamma
file = 12064 particle = gamma
file = 12065 particle = gamma
file = 12066 particle = gamma
file = 12067 particle = gamma
file = 12068 particle = gamma
file = 12069 particle = gamma
file = 12070 particle = gamma
file = 12071 particle = gamma
file = 12072 particle = gamma
file = 12073 particle = gamma
file = 12074 particle = gamma
file = 12075 particle = neutron
file = 12076 particle = gamma
file = 12077 particle = gamma
file = 12078 particle = gamma
file = 12079 particle = gamma
file = 12080 particle = gamma
file = 12081 particle = gamma
file = 12082 particle = gamma
file = 12083 particle = gamma
file = 12084 particle = gamma
file = 12085 particle = gamma
file = 12086 particle = gamma
file = 12087 particle = gamma
file = 12088 particle = gamma
file = 12089 particle = gamma
file = 12090 particle = gamma
file = 12091 particle = neutron
file = 12092 particle = gamma
file = 12093 particle = gamma
file = 12094 particle = neutron
file = 12095 particle = neutron
file = 12096 particle = gamma
file = 12097 particle = gamma
file = 12098 particle = gamma
file = 12099 particle = gamma
file = 12100 particle = neutron
file = 12101 particle = gamma
file = 12102 particle = gamma
file = 12103 particle = gamma
file = 12104 particle = gamma
file = 12105 particle = gamma
file = 12106 particle = neutron
file = 12107 particle = gamma
file = 12108 particle = gamma
file = 12109 particle = gamma
file = 12110 particle = gamma
file = 12111 particle = gamma
file = 12112 particle = gamma
file = 12113 particle = gamma
file = 12114 particle = gamma
file = 12115 particle = gamma
file = 12116 particle = gamma
file = 12117 particle = gamma
file = 12118 particle = gamma
file = 12119 particle = gamma
file = 12120 particle = neutron
file = 12121 particle = gamma
file = 12122 particle = neutron
file = 12123 particle = neutron
file = 12124 particle = gamma
file = 12125 particle = gamma
file = 12126 particle = gamma
file = 12127 particle = gamma
file = 12128 particle = gamma
file = 12129 particle = gamma
file = 12130 particle = gamma
file = 12131 particle = gamma
file = 12132 particle = gamma
file = 12133 particle = neutron
file = 12134 particle = gamma
file = 12135 particle = gamma
file = 12136 particle = gamma
file = 12137 particle = gamma
file = 12138 particle = neutron
file = 12139 particle = gamma
file = 12140 particle = gamma
file = 12141 particle = gamma
file = 12142 particle = gamma
file = 12143 particle = gamma
file = 12144 particle = gamma
file = 12145 particle = gamma
file = 12146 particle = gamma
file = 12147 particle = gamma
file = 12148 particle = gamma
file = 12149 particle = gamma
file = 12150 particle = neutron
file = 12151 particle = neutron
file = 12152 particle = gamma
file = 12153 particle = neutron
file = 12154 particle = neutron
file = 12155 particle = gamma
file = 12156 particle = gamma
file = 12157 particle = neutron
file = 12158 particle = gamma
file = 12159 particle = gamma
file = 12160 particle = gamma
file = 12161 particle = gamma
file = 12162 particle = gamma
file = 12163 particle = neutron
file = 12164 particle = gamma
file = 12165 particle = gamma
file = 12166 particle = gamma
file = 12167 particle = gamma
file = 12168 particle = gamma
file = 12169 particle = gamma
file = 12170 particle = neutron
file = 12171 particle = gamma
file = 12172 particle = gamma
file = 12173 particle = gamma
file = 12174 particle = gamma
file = 12175 particle = gamma
file = 12176 particle = gamma
file = 12177 particle = gamma
file = 12178 particle = gamma
file = 12179 particle = neutron
file = 12180 particle = gamma
file = 12181 particle = gamma
file = 12182 particle = gamma
file = 12183 particle = gamma
file = 12184 particle = gamma
file = 12185 particle = neutron
file = 12186 particle = gamma
file = 12187 particle = gamma
file = 12188 particle = gamma
file = 12189 particle = gamma
file = 12190 particle = gamma
file = 12191 particle = gamma
file = 12192 particle = neutron
file = 12193 particle = gamma
file = 12194 particle = gamma
file = 12195 particle = neutron
file = 12196 particle = gamma
file = 12197 particle = gamma
file = 12198 particle = gamma
file = 12199 particle = gamma
file = 12200 particle = neutron
file = 12201 particle = neutron
file = 12202 particle = neutron
file = 12203 particle = gamma
file = 12204 particle = gamma
file = 12205 particle = gamma
file = 12206 particle = gamma
file = 12207 particle = gamma
file = 12208 particle = gamma
file = 12209 particle = gamma
file = 12210 particle = gamma
file = 12211 particle = neutron
file = 12212 particle = gamma
file = 12213 particle = neutron
file = 12214 particle = gamma
file = 12215 particle = gamma
file = 12216 particle = gamma
file = 12217 particle = neutron
file = 12218 particle = gamma
file = 12219 particle = gamma
file = 12220 particle = gamma
file = 12221 particle = gamma
file = 12222 particle = neutron
file = 12223 particle = gamma
file = 12224 particle = gamma
file = 12225 particle = gamma
file = 12226 particle = gamma
file = 12227 particle = gamma
file = 12228 particle = gamma
file = 12229 particle = gamma
file = 12230 particle = gamma
file = 12231 particle = neutron
file = 12232 particle = gamma
file = 12233 particle = gamma
file = 12234 particle = neutron
file = 12235 particle = gamma
file = 12236 particle = gamma
file = 12237 particle = gamma
file = 12238 particle = gamma
file = 12239 particle = gamma
file = 12240 particle = gamma
file = 12241 particle = gamma
file = 12242 particle = gamma
file = 12243 particle = gamma
file = 12244 particle = neutron
file = 12245 particle = gamma
file = 12246 particle = gamma
file = 12247 particle = gamma
file = 12248 particle = gamma
file = 12249 particle = neutron
file = 12250 particle = gamma
file = 12251 particle = gamma
file = 12252 particle = neutron
file = 12253 particle = gamma
file = 12254 particle = gamma
file = 12255 particle = gamma
file = 12256 particle = neutron
file = 12257 particle = neutron
file = 12258 particle = gamma
file = 12259 particle = gamma
file = 12260 particle = gamma
file = 12261 particle = gamma
file = 12262 particle = gamma
file = 12263 particle = gamma
file = 12264 particle = gamma
file = 12265 particle = neutron
file = 12266 particle = gamma
file = 12267 particle = neutron
file = 12268 particle = neutron
file = 12269 particle = gamma
file = 12270 particle = neutron
file = 12271 particle = gamma
file = 12272 particle = gamma
file = 12273 particle = gamma
file = 12274 particle = gamma
file = 12275 particle = gamma
file = 12276 particle = gamma
file = 12277 particle = gamma
file = 12278 particle = neutron
file = 12279 particle = neutron
file = 12280 particle = neutron
file = 12281 particle = gamma
file = 12282 particle = neutron
file = 12283 particle = gamma
file = 12284 particle = gamma
file = 12285 particle = gamma
file = 12286 particle = gamma
file = 12287 particle = gamma
file = 12288 particle = gamma
file = 12289 particle = gamma
file = 12290 particle = neutron
file = 12291 particle = gamma
file = 12292 particle = neutron
file = 12293 particle = gamma
file = 12294 particle = gamma
file = 12295 particle = gamma
file = 12296 particle = gamma
file = 12297 particle = gamma
file = 12298 particle = gamma
file = 12299 particle = neutron
file = 12300 particle = gamma
file = 12301 particle = gamma
file = 12302 particle = neutron
file = 12303 particle = gamma
file = 12304 particle = gamma
file = 12305 particle = gamma
file = 12306 particle = gamma
file = 12307 particle = gamma
file = 12308 particle = gamma
file = 12309 particle = gamma
file = 12310 particle = gamma
file = 12311 particle = gamma
file = 12312 particle = gamma
file = 12313 particle = gamma
file = 12314 particle = gamma
file = 12315 particle = gamma
file = 12316 particle = gamma
file = 12317 particle = neutron
file = 12318 particle = gamma
file = 12319 particle = gamma
file = 12320 particle = gamma
file = 12321 particle = neutron
file = 12322 particle = gamma
file = 12323 particle = gamma
file = 12324 particle = gamma
file = 12325 particle = gamma
file = 12326 particle = gamma
file = 12327 particle = gamma
file = 12328 particle = gamma
file = 12329 particle = gamma
file = 12330 particle = gamma
file = 12331 particle = gamma
file = 12332 particle = gamma
file = 12333 particle = gamma
file = 12334 particle = gamma
file = 12335 particle = neutron
file = 12336 particle = gamma
file = 12337 particle = gamma
file = 12338 particle = neutron
file = 12339 particle = gamma
file = 12340 particle = gamma
file = 12341 particle = gamma
file = 12342 particle = gamma
file = 12343 particle = gamma
file = 12344 particle = neutron
file = 12345 particle = gamma
file = 12346 particle = gamma
file = 12347 particle = gamma
file = 12348 particle = gamma
file = 12349 particle = gamma
file = 12350 particle = gamma
file = 12351 particle = gamma
file = 12352 particle = gamma
file = 12353 particle = gamma
file = 12354 particle = gamma
file = 12355 particle = gamma
file = 12356 particle = gamma
file = 12357 particle = gamma
file = 12358 particle = gamma
file = 12359 particle = gamma
file = 12360 particle = gamma
file = 12361 particle = gamma
file = 12362 particle = gamma
file = 12363 particle = neutron
file = 12364 particle = gamma
file = 12365 particle = gamma
file = 12366 particle = gamma
file = 12367 particle = gamma
file = 12368 particle = neutron
file = 12369 particle = gamma
file = 12370 particle = gamma
file = 12371 particle = gamma
file = 12372 particle = gamma
file = 12373 particle = gamma
file = 12374 particle = gamma
file = 12375 particle = gamma
file = 12376 particle = gamma
file = 12377 particle = gamma
file = 12378 particle = gamma
file = 12379 particle = gamma
file = 12380 particle = gamma
file = 12381 particle = gamma
file = 12382 particle = gamma
file = 12383 particle = gamma
file = 12384 particle = gamma
file = 12385 particle = gamma
file = 12386 particle = gamma
file = 12387 particle = gamma
file = 12388 particle = gamma
file = 12389 particle = gamma
file = 12390 particle = gamma
file = 12391 particle = gamma
file = 12392 particle = gamma
file = 12393 particle = gamma
file = 12394 particle = neutron
file = 12395 particle = gamma
file = 12396 particle = neutron
file = 12397 particle = gamma
file = 12398 particle = gamma
file = 12399 particle = gamma
file = 12400 particle = gamma
file = 12401 particle = neutron
file = 12402 particle = gamma
file = 12403 particle = neutron
file = 12404 particle = gamma
file = 12405 particle = gamma
file = 12406 particle = gamma
file = 12407 particle = gamma
file = 12408 particle = neutron
file = 12409 particle = gamma
file = 12410 particle = gamma
file = 12411 particle = gamma
file = 12412 particle = gamma
file = 12413 particle = neutron
file = 12414 particle = gamma
file = 12415 particle = gamma
file = 12416 particle = gamma
file = 12417 particle = gamma
file = 12418 particle = gamma
file = 12419 particle = neutron
file = 12420 particle = neutron
file = 12421 particle = gamma
file = 12422 particle = gamma
file = 12423 particle = gamma
file = 12424 particle = gamma
file = 12425 particle = neutron
file = 12426 particle = neutron
file = 12427 particle = gamma
file = 12428 particle = gamma
file = 12429 particle = gamma
file = 12430 particle = neutron
file = 12431 particle = gamma
file = 12432 particle = gamma
file = 12433 particle = gamma
file = 12434 particle = gamma
file = 12435 particle = gamma
file = 12436 particle = gamma
file = 12437 particle = gamma
file = 12438 particle = gamma
file = 12439 particle = gamma
file = 12440 particle = gamma
file = 12441 particle = gamma
file = 12442 particle = gamma
file = 12443 particle = gamma
file = 12444 particle = neutron
file = 12445 particle = gamma
file = 12446 particle = neutron
file = 12447 particle = gamma
file = 12448 particle = gamma
file = 12449 particle = gamma
file = 12450 particle = gamma
file = 12451 particle = gamma
file = 12452 particle = neutron
file = 12453 particle = gamma
file = 12454 particle = gamma
file = 12455 particle = neutron
file = 12456 particle = gamma
file = 12457 particle = gamma
file = 12458 particle = gamma
file = 12459 particle = gamma
file = 12460 particle = neutron
file = 12461 particle = gamma
file = 12462 particle = gamma
file = 12463 particle = neutron
file = 12464 particle = gamma
file = 12465 particle = gamma
file = 12466 particle = gamma
file = 12467 particle = gamma
file = 12468 particle = gamma
file = 12469 particle = neutron
file = 12470 particle = neutron
file = 12471 particle = gamma
file = 12472 particle = neutron
file = 12473 particle = neutron
file = 12474 particle = neutron
file = 12475 particle = gamma
file = 12476 particle = gamma
file = 12477 particle = gamma
file = 12478 particle = gamma
file = 12479 particle = gamma
file = 12480 particle = gamma
file = 12481 particle = gamma
file = 12482 particle = gamma
file = 12483 particle = gamma
file = 12484 particle = gamma
file = 12485 particle = gamma
file = 12486 particle = gamma
file = 12487 particle = gamma
file = 12488 particle = gamma
file = 12489 particle = gamma
file = 12490 particle = gamma
file = 12491 particle = gamma
file = 12492 particle = gamma
file = 12493 particle = gamma
file = 12494 particle = gamma
file = 12495 particle = neutron
file = 12496 particle = gamma
file = 12497 particle = gamma
file = 12498 particle = gamma
file = 12499 particle = neutron
file = 12500 particle = gamma
file = 12501 particle = gamma
file = 12502 particle = gamma
file = 12503 particle = neutron
file = 12504 particle = neutron
file = 12505 particle = gamma
file = 12506 particle = gamma
file = 12507 particle = gamma
file = 12508 particle = gamma
file = 12509 particle = gamma
file = 12510 particle = neutron
file = 12511 particle = gamma
file = 12512 particle = gamma
file = 12513 particle = gamma
file = 12514 particle = gamma
file = 12515 particle = gamma
file = 12516 particle = gamma
file = 12517 particle = gamma
file = 12518 particle = gamma
file = 12519 particle = gamma
file = 12520 particle = gamma
file = 12521 particle = gamma
file = 12522 particle = gamma
file = 12523 particle = neutron
file = 12524 particle = gamma
file = 12525 particle = gamma
file = 12526 particle = gamma
file = 12527 particle = gamma
file = 12528 particle = neutron
file = 12529 particle = gamma
file = 12530 particle = gamma
file = 12531 particle = gamma
file = 12532 particle = gamma
file = 12533 particle = neutron
file = 12534 particle = gamma
file = 12535 particle = gamma
file = 12536 particle = gamma
file = 12537 particle = gamma
file = 12538 particle = gamma
file = 12539 particle = gamma
file = 12540 particle = gamma
file = 12541 particle = neutron
file = 12542 particle = gamma
file = 12543 particle = gamma
file = 12544 particle = neutron
file = 12545 particle = gamma
file = 12546 particle = gamma
file = 12547 particle = gamma
file = 12548 particle = neutron
file = 12549 particle = neutron
file = 12550 particle = gamma
file = 12551 particle = neutron
file = 12552 particle = gamma
file = 12553 particle = neutron
file = 12554 particle = gamma
file = 12555 particle = gamma
file = 12556 particle = gamma
file = 12557 particle = gamma
file = 12558 particle = gamma
file = 12559 particle = gamma
file = 12560 particle = gamma
file = 12561 particle = gamma
file = 12562 particle = gamma
file = 12563 particle = gamma
file = 12564 particle = neutron
file = 12565 particle = gamma
file = 12566 particle = gamma
file = 12567 particle = gamma
file = 12568 particle = neutron
file = 12569 particle = gamma
file = 12570 particle = gamma
file = 12571 particle = gamma
file = 12572 particle = gamma
file = 12573 particle = gamma
file = 12574 particle = gamma
file = 12575 particle = gamma
file = 12576 particle = neutron
file = 12577 particle = gamma
file = 12578 particle = gamma
file = 12579 particle = gamma
file = 12580 particle = gamma
file = 12581 particle = gamma
file = 12582 particle = gamma
file = 12583 particle = gamma
file = 12584 particle = gamma
file = 12585 particle = gamma
file = 12586 particle = neutron
file = 12587 particle = gamma
file = 12588 particle = gamma
file = 12589 particle = gamma
file = 12590 particle = gamma
file = 12591 particle = gamma
file = 12592 particle = gamma
file = 12593 particle = gamma
file = 12594 particle = gamma
file = 12595 particle = gamma
file = 12596 particle = gamma
file = 12597 particle = gamma
file = 12598 particle = neutron
file = 12599 particle = gamma
file = 12600 particle = gamma
file = 12601 particle = gamma
file = 12602 particle = neutron
file = 12603 particle = gamma
file = 12604 particle = gamma
file = 12605 particle = gamma
file = 12606 particle = gamma
file = 12607 particle = gamma
file = 12608 particle = gamma
file = 12609 particle = gamma
file = 12610 particle = gamma
file = 12611 particle = gamma
file = 12612 particle = gamma
file = 12613 particle = gamma
file = 12614 particle = gamma
file = 12615 particle = gamma
file = 12616 particle = neutron
file = 12617 particle = gamma
file = 12618 particle = gamma
file = 12619 particle = gamma
file = 12620 particle = gamma
file = 12621 particle = gamma
file = 12622 particle = neutron
file = 12623 particle = gamma
file = 12624 particle = gamma
file = 12625 particle = gamma
file = 12626 particle = gamma
file = 12627 particle = gamma
file = 12628 particle = gamma
file = 12629 particle = gamma
file = 12630 particle = gamma
file = 12631 particle = gamma
file = 12632 particle = neutron
file = 12633 particle = gamma
file = 12634 particle = gamma
file = 12635 particle = neutron
file = 12636 particle = gamma
file = 12637 particle = gamma
file = 12638 particle = gamma
file = 12639 particle = neutron
file = 12640 particle = gamma
file = 12641 particle = gamma
file = 12642 particle = gamma
file = 12643 particle = gamma
file = 12644 particle = gamma
file = 12645 particle = gamma
file = 12646 particle = gamma
file = 12647 particle = gamma
file = 12648 particle = gamma
file = 12649 particle = neutron
file = 12650 particle = gamma
file = 12651 particle = gamma
file = 12652 particle = gamma
file = 12653 particle = gamma
file = 12654 particle = gamma
file = 12655 particle = gamma
file = 12656 particle = gamma
file = 12657 particle = gamma
file = 12658 particle = gamma
file = 12659 particle = gamma
file = 12660 particle = gamma
file = 12661 particle = gamma
file = 12662 particle = gamma
file = 12663 particle = gamma
file = 12664 particle = gamma
file = 12665 particle = gamma
file = 12666 particle = gamma
file = 12667 particle = neutron
file = 12668 particle = gamma
file = 12669 particle = gamma
file = 12670 particle = gamma
file = 12671 particle = neutron
file = 12672 particle = gamma
file = 12673 particle = gamma
file = 12674 particle = gamma
file = 12675 particle = neutron
file = 12676 particle = gamma
file = 12677 particle = gamma
file = 12678 particle = gamma
file = 12679 particle = gamma
file = 12680 particle = gamma
file = 12681 particle = gamma
file = 12682 particle = gamma
file = 12683 particle = gamma
file = 12684 particle = neutron
file = 12685 particle = gamma
file = 12686 particle = gamma
file = 12687 particle = gamma
file = 12688 particle = neutron
file = 12689 particle = gamma
file = 12690 particle = gamma
file = 12691 particle = gamma
file = 12692 particle = gamma
file = 12693 particle = gamma
file = 12694 particle = gamma
file = 12695 particle = gamma
file = 12696 particle = gamma
file = 12697 particle = gamma
file = 12698 particle = gamma
file = 12699 particle = neutron
file = 12700 particle = gamma
file = 12701 particle = gamma
file = 12702 particle = gamma
file = 12703 particle = gamma
file = 12704 particle = neutron
file = 12705 particle = gamma
file = 12706 particle = gamma
file = 12707 particle = gamma
file = 12708 particle = neutron
file = 12709 particle = gamma
file = 12710 particle = neutron
file = 12711 particle = gamma
file = 12712 particle = neutron
file = 12713 particle = gamma
file = 12714 particle = gamma
file = 12715 particle = neutron
file = 12716 particle = gamma
file = 12717 particle = gamma
file = 12718 particle = gamma
file = 12719 particle = gamma
file = 12720 particle = gamma
file = 12721 particle = gamma
file = 12722 particle = gamma
file = 12723 particle = gamma
file = 12724 particle = neutron
file = 12725 particle = neutron
file = 12726 particle = gamma
file = 12727 particle = neutron
file = 12728 particle = gamma
file = 12729 particle = gamma
file = 12730 particle = gamma
file = 12731 particle = gamma
file = 12732 particle = gamma
file = 12733 particle = gamma
file = 12734 particle = neutron
file = 12735 particle = gamma
file = 12736 particle = gamma
file = 12737 particle = gamma
file = 12738 particle = gamma
file = 12739 particle = gamma
file = 12740 particle = gamma
file = 12741 particle = gamma
file = 12742 particle = gamma
file = 12743 particle = gamma
file = 12744 particle = gamma
file = 12745 particle = neutron
file = 12746 particle = gamma
file = 12747 particle = gamma
file = 12748 particle = gamma
file = 12749 particle = neutron
file = 12750 particle = gamma
file = 12751 particle = gamma
file = 12752 particle = gamma
file = 12753 particle = gamma
file = 12754 particle = neutron
file = 12755 particle = gamma
file = 12756 particle = gamma
file = 12757 particle = gamma
file = 12758 particle = neutron
file = 12759 particle = gamma
file = 12760 particle = gamma
file = 12761 particle = neutron
file = 12762 particle = neutron
file = 12763 particle = gamma
file = 12764 particle = gamma
file = 12765 particle = gamma
file = 12766 particle = gamma
file = 12767 particle = gamma
file = 12768 particle = gamma
file = 12769 particle = gamma
file = 12770 particle = gamma
file = 12771 particle = gamma
file = 12772 particle = gamma
file = 12773 particle = neutron
file = 12774 particle = gamma
file = 12775 particle = gamma
file = 12776 particle = gamma
file = 12777 particle = gamma
file = 12778 particle = gamma
file = 12779 particle = gamma
file = 12780 particle = gamma
file = 12781 particle = gamma
file = 12782 particle = gamma
file = 12783 particle = gamma
file = 12784 particle = gamma
file = 12785 particle = neutron
file = 12786 particle = gamma
file = 12787 particle = gamma
file = 12788 particle = gamma
file = 12789 particle = gamma
file = 12790 particle = gamma
file = 12791 particle = gamma
file = 12792 particle = neutron
file = 12793 particle = gamma
file = 12794 particle = gamma
file = 12795 particle = neutron
file = 12796 particle = neutron
file = 12797 particle = gamma
file = 12798 particle = gamma
file = 12799 particle = gamma
file = 12800 particle = neutron
file = 12801 particle = gamma
file = 12802 particle = gamma
file = 12803 particle = gamma
file = 12804 particle = gamma
file = 12805 particle = gamma
file = 12806 particle = gamma
file = 12807 particle = gamma
file = 12808 particle = gamma
file = 12809 particle = gamma
file = 12810 particle = gamma
file = 12811 particle = gamma
file = 12812 particle = gamma
file = 12813 particle = gamma
file = 12814 particle = neutron
file = 12815 particle = gamma
file = 12816 particle = neutron
file = 12817 particle = gamma
file = 12818 particle = gamma
file = 12819 particle = gamma
file = 12820 particle = gamma
file = 12821 particle = gamma
file = 12822 particle = gamma
file = 12823 particle = gamma
file = 12824 particle = gamma
file = 12825 particle = gamma
file = 12826 particle = gamma
file = 12827 particle = gamma
file = 12828 particle = gamma
file = 12829 particle = gamma
file = 12830 particle = gamma
file = 12831 particle = neutron
file = 12832 particle = neutron
file = 12833 particle = gamma
file = 12834 particle = gamma
file = 12835 particle = gamma
file = 12836 particle = gamma
file = 12837 particle = gamma
file = 12838 particle = gamma
file = 12839 particle = gamma
file = 12840 particle = gamma
file = 12841 particle = gamma
file = 12842 particle = gamma
file = 12843 particle = gamma
file = 12844 particle = gamma
file = 12845 particle = gamma
file = 12846 particle = gamma
file = 12847 particle = neutron
file = 12848 particle = neutron
file = 12849 particle = gamma
file = 12850 particle = gamma
file = 12851 particle = gamma
file = 12852 particle = neutron
file = 12853 particle = gamma
file = 12854 particle = gamma
file = 12855 particle = gamma
file = 12856 particle = gamma
file = 12857 particle = gamma
file = 12858 particle = gamma
file = 12859 particle = gamma
file = 12860 particle = gamma
file = 12861 particle = gamma
file = 12862 particle = gamma
file = 12863 particle = neutron
file = 12864 particle = gamma
file = 12865 particle = gamma
file = 12866 particle = neutron
file = 12867 particle = gamma
file = 12868 particle = gamma
file = 12869 particle = gamma
file = 12870 particle = neutron
file = 12871 particle = gamma
file = 12872 particle = gamma
file = 12873 particle = gamma
file = 12874 particle = gamma
file = 12875 particle = gamma
file = 12876 particle = gamma
file = 12877 particle = gamma
file = 12878 particle = neutron
file = 12879 particle = gamma
file = 12880 particle = gamma
file = 12881 particle = gamma
file = 12882 particle = gamma
file = 12883 particle = gamma
file = 12884 particle = gamma
file = 12885 particle = gamma
file = 12886 particle = gamma
file = 12887 particle = gamma
file = 12888 particle = gamma
file = 12889 particle = gamma
file = 12890 particle = gamma
file = 12891 particle = gamma
file = 12892 particle = gamma
file = 12893 particle = gamma
file = 12894 particle = gamma
file = 12895 particle = gamma
file = 12896 particle = gamma
file = 12897 particle = gamma
file = 12898 particle = gamma
file = 12899 particle = neutron
file = 12900 particle = gamma
file = 12901 particle = gamma
file = 12902 particle = gamma
file = 12903 particle = gamma
file = 12904 particle = gamma
file = 12905 particle = neutron
file = 12906 particle = neutron
file = 12907 particle = gamma
file = 12908 particle = neutron
file = 12909 particle = gamma
file = 12910 particle = gamma
file = 12911 particle = gamma
file = 12912 particle = gamma
file = 12913 particle = gamma
file = 12914 particle = gamma
file = 12915 particle = gamma
file = 12916 particle = gamma
file = 12917 particle = gamma
file = 12918 particle = gamma
file = 12919 particle = gamma
file = 12920 particle = gamma
file = 12921 particle = gamma
file = 12922 particle = neutron
file = 12923 particle = gamma
file = 12924 particle = gamma
file = 12925 particle = gamma
file = 12926 particle = gamma
file = 12927 particle = gamma
file = 12928 particle = gamma
file = 12929 particle = gamma
file = 12930 particle = neutron
file = 12931 particle = gamma
file = 12932 particle = neutron
file = 12933 particle = gamma
file = 12934 particle = gamma
file = 12935 particle = gamma
file = 12936 particle = gamma
file = 12937 particle = gamma
file = 12938 particle = gamma
file = 12939 particle = gamma
file = 12940 particle = gamma
file = 12941 particle = gamma
file = 12942 particle = gamma
file = 12943 particle = gamma
file = 12944 particle = neutron
file = 12945 particle = gamma
file = 12946 particle = gamma
file = 12947 particle = gamma
file = 12948 particle = neutron
file = 12949 particle = gamma
file = 12950 particle = gamma
file = 12951 particle = neutron
file = 12952 particle = gamma
file = 12953 particle = gamma
file = 12954 particle = gamma
file = 12955 particle = gamma
file = 12956 particle = gamma
file = 12957 particle = gamma
file = 12958 particle = gamma
file = 12959 particle = gamma
file = 12960 particle = gamma
file = 12961 particle = gamma
file = 12962 particle = neutron
file = 12963 particle = gamma
file = 12964 particle = gamma
file = 12965 particle = gamma
file = 12966 particle = gamma
file = 12967 particle = gamma
file = 12968 particle = neutron
file = 12969 particle = gamma
file = 12970 particle = neutron
file = 12971 particle = gamma
file = 12972 particle = gamma
file = 12973 particle = gamma
file = 12974 particle = gamma
file = 12975 particle = neutron
file = 12976 particle = gamma
file = 12977 particle = gamma
file = 12978 particle = gamma
file = 12979 particle = gamma
file = 12980 particle = gamma
file = 12981 particle = gamma
file = 12982 particle = gamma
file = 12983 particle = gamma
file = 12984 particle = neutron
file = 12985 particle = gamma
file = 12986 particle = gamma
file = 12987 particle = gamma
file = 12988 particle = neutron
file = 12989 particle = gamma
file = 12990 particle = gamma
file = 12991 particle = gamma
file = 12992 particle = gamma
file = 12993 particle = gamma
file = 12994 particle = gamma
file = 12995 particle = neutron
file = 12996 particle = gamma
file = 12997 particle = neutron
file = 12998 particle = gamma
file = 12999 particle = gamma
file = 13000 particle = gamma
file = 13001 particle = neutron
file = 13002 particle = gamma
file = 13003 particle = gamma
file = 13004 particle = gamma
file = 13005 particle = gamma
file = 13006 particle = gamma
file = 13007 particle = gamma
file = 13008 particle = gamma
file = 13009 particle = gamma
file = 13010 particle = gamma
file = 13011 particle = gamma
file = 13012 particle = gamma
file = 13013 particle = gamma
file = 13014 particle = gamma
file = 13015 particle = gamma
file = 13016 particle = gamma
file = 13017 particle = gamma
file = 13018 particle = gamma
file = 13019 particle = gamma
file = 13020 particle = gamma
file = 13021 particle = gamma
file = 13022 particle = gamma
file = 13023 particle = neutron
file = 13024 particle = gamma
file = 13025 particle = neutron
file = 13026 particle = neutron
file = 13027 particle = neutron
file = 13028 particle = gamma
file = 13029 particle = neutron
file = 13030 particle = gamma
file = 13031 particle = gamma
file = 13032 particle = gamma
file = 13033 particle = gamma
file = 13034 particle = gamma
file = 13035 particle = gamma
file = 13036 particle = gamma
file = 13037 particle = neutron
file = 13038 particle = gamma
file = 13039 particle = gamma
file = 13040 particle = gamma
file = 13041 particle = gamma
file = 13042 particle = gamma
file = 13043 particle = gamma
file = 13044 particle = gamma
file = 13045 particle = gamma
file = 13046 particle = gamma
file = 13047 particle = gamma
file = 13048 particle = neutron
file = 13049 particle = neutron
file = 13050 particle = gamma
file = 13051 particle = gamma
file = 13052 particle = neutron
file = 13053 particle = gamma
file = 13054 particle = gamma
file = 13055 particle = gamma
file = 13056 particle = gamma
file = 13057 particle = neutron
file = 13058 particle = gamma
file = 13059 particle = gamma
file = 13060 particle = gamma
file = 13061 particle = gamma
file = 13062 particle = gamma
file = 13063 particle = gamma
file = 13064 particle = gamma
file = 13065 particle = gamma
file = 13066 particle = gamma
file = 13067 particle = gamma
file = 13068 particle = gamma
file = 13069 particle = neutron
file = 13070 particle = gamma
file = 13071 particle = neutron
file = 13072 particle = gamma
file = 13073 particle = gamma
file = 13074 particle = neutron
file = 13075 particle = gamma
file = 13076 particle = gamma
file = 13077 particle = gamma
file = 13078 particle = gamma
file = 13079 particle = gamma
file = 13080 particle = gamma
file = 13081 particle = gamma
file = 13082 particle = gamma
file = 13083 particle = gamma
file = 13084 particle = gamma
file = 13085 particle = gamma
file = 13086 particle = gamma
file = 13087 particle = neutron
file = 13088 particle = gamma
file = 13089 particle = neutron
file = 13090 particle = gamma
file = 13091 particle = gamma
file = 13092 particle = gamma
file = 13093 particle = neutron
file = 13094 particle = gamma
file = 13095 particle = gamma
file = 13096 particle = gamma
file = 13097 particle = neutron
file = 13098 particle = gamma
file = 13099 particle = gamma
file = 13100 particle = gamma
file = 13101 particle = gamma
file = 13102 particle = gamma
file = 13103 particle = neutron
file = 13104 particle = gamma
file = 13105 particle = gamma
file = 13106 particle = gamma
file = 13107 particle = neutron
file = 13108 particle = gamma
file = 13109 particle = gamma
file = 13110 particle = gamma
file = 13111 particle = gamma
file = 13112 particle = gamma
file = 13113 particle = gamma
file = 13114 particle = gamma
file = 13115 particle = gamma
file = 13116 particle = gamma
file = 13117 particle = gamma
file = 13118 particle = gamma
file = 13119 particle = gamma
file = 13120 particle = gamma
file = 13121 particle = gamma
file = 13122 particle = neutron
file = 13123 particle = gamma
file = 13124 particle = gamma
file = 13125 particle = gamma
file = 13126 particle = gamma
file = 13127 particle = gamma
file = 13128 particle = gamma
file = 13129 particle = neutron
file = 13130 particle = gamma
file = 13131 particle = gamma
file = 13132 particle = gamma
file = 13133 particle = neutron
file = 13134 particle = gamma
file = 13135 particle = gamma
file = 13136 particle = gamma
file = 13137 particle = gamma
file = 13138 particle = gamma
file = 13139 particle = gamma
file = 13140 particle = gamma
file = 13141 particle = neutron
file = 13142 particle = gamma
file = 13143 particle = gamma
file = 13144 particle = gamma
file = 13145 particle = gamma
file = 13146 particle = gamma
file = 13147 particle = gamma
file = 13148 particle = gamma
file = 13149 particle = gamma
file = 13150 particle = gamma
file = 13151 particle = neutron
file = 13152 particle = gamma
file = 13153 particle = gamma
file = 13154 particle = gamma
file = 13155 particle = neutron
file = 13156 particle = gamma
file = 13157 particle = gamma
file = 13158 particle = neutron
file = 13159 particle = gamma
file = 13160 particle = gamma
file = 13161 particle = gamma
file = 13162 particle = gamma
file = 13163 particle = neutron
file = 13164 particle = gamma
file = 13165 particle = neutron
file = 13166 particle = gamma
file = 13167 particle = gamma
file = 13168 particle = gamma
file = 13169 particle = gamma
file = 13170 particle = neutron
file = 13171 particle = neutron
file = 13172 particle = gamma
file = 13173 particle = gamma
file = 13174 particle = gamma
file = 13175 particle = gamma
file = 13176 particle = gamma
file = 13177 particle = gamma
file = 13178 particle = gamma
file = 13179 particle = gamma
file = 13180 particle = neutron
file = 13181 particle = gamma
file = 13182 particle = gamma
file = 13183 particle = gamma
file = 13184 particle = gamma
file = 13185 particle = gamma
file = 13186 particle = gamma
file = 13187 particle = gamma
file = 13188 particle = gamma
file = 13189 particle = gamma
file = 13190 particle = gamma
file = 13191 particle = gamma
file = 13192 particle = gamma
file = 13193 particle = gamma
file = 13194 particle = neutron
file = 13195 particle = gamma
file = 13196 particle = gamma
file = 13197 particle = gamma
file = 13198 particle = gamma
file = 13199 particle = gamma
file = 13200 particle = neutron
file = 13201 particle = gamma
file = 13202 particle = gamma
file = 13203 particle = gamma
file = 13204 particle = gamma
file = 13205 particle = gamma
file = 13206 particle = neutron
file = 13207 particle = gamma
file = 13208 particle = gamma
file = 13209 particle = neutron
file = 13210 particle = neutron
file = 13211 particle = gamma
file = 13212 particle = gamma
file = 13213 particle = neutron
file = 13214 particle = gamma
file = 13215 particle = gamma
file = 13216 particle = gamma
file = 13217 particle = gamma
file = 13218 particle = neutron
file = 13219 particle = gamma
file = 13220 particle = neutron
file = 13221 particle = gamma
file = 13222 particle = gamma
file = 13223 particle = gamma
file = 13224 particle = gamma
file = 13225 particle = gamma
file = 13226 particle = gamma
file = 13227 particle = gamma
file = 13228 particle = neutron
file = 13229 particle = gamma
file = 13230 particle = gamma
file = 13231 particle = neutron
file = 13232 particle = neutron
file = 13233 particle = gamma
file = 13234 particle = neutron
file = 13235 particle = gamma
file = 13236 particle = gamma
file = 13237 particle = neutron
file = 13238 particle = gamma
file = 13239 particle = gamma
file = 13240 particle = gamma
file = 13241 particle = gamma
file = 13242 particle = gamma
file = 13243 particle = neutron
file = 13244 particle = gamma
file = 13245 particle = gamma
file = 13246 particle = gamma
file = 13247 particle = neutron
file = 13248 particle = neutron
file = 13249 particle = gamma
file = 13250 particle = gamma
file = 13251 particle = gamma
file = 13252 particle = gamma
file = 13253 particle = neutron
file = 13254 particle = gamma
file = 13255 particle = gamma
file = 13256 particle = gamma
file = 13257 particle = gamma
file = 13258 particle = gamma
file = 13259 particle = gamma
file = 13260 particle = gamma
file = 13261 particle = gamma
file = 13262 particle = gamma
file = 13263 particle = gamma
file = 13264 particle = gamma
file = 13265 particle = gamma
file = 13266 particle = gamma
file = 13267 particle = neutron
file = 13268 particle = gamma
file = 13269 particle = neutron
file = 13270 particle = gamma
file = 13271 particle = gamma
file = 13272 particle = gamma
file = 13273 particle = gamma
file = 13274 particle = gamma
file = 13275 particle = gamma
file = 13276 particle = gamma
file = 13277 particle = gamma
file = 13278 particle = neutron
file = 13279 particle = neutron
file = 13280 particle = gamma
file = 13281 particle = gamma
file = 13282 particle = gamma
file = 13283 particle = gamma
file = 13284 particle = gamma
file = 13285 particle = gamma
file = 13286 particle = gamma
file = 13287 particle = gamma
file = 13288 particle = gamma
file = 13289 particle = gamma
file = 13290 particle = gamma
file = 13291 particle = gamma
file = 13292 particle = gamma
file = 13293 particle = gamma
file = 13294 particle = gamma
file = 13295 particle = gamma
file = 13296 particle = gamma
file = 13297 particle = gamma
file = 13298 particle = gamma
file = 13299 particle = gamma
file = 13300 particle = gamma
file = 13301 particle = neutron
file = 13302 particle = neutron
file = 13303 particle = neutron
file = 13304 particle = gamma
file = 13305 particle = gamma
file = 13306 particle = gamma
file = 13307 particle = gamma
file = 13308 particle = gamma
file = 13309 particle = gamma
file = 13310 particle = gamma
file = 13311 particle = neutron
file = 13312 particle = gamma
file = 13313 particle = gamma
file = 13314 particle = gamma
file = 13315 particle = gamma
file = 13316 particle = gamma
file = 13317 particle = gamma
file = 13318 particle = gamma
file = 13319 particle = neutron
file = 13320 particle = gamma
file = 13321 particle = neutron
file = 13322 particle = gamma
file = 13323 particle = gamma
file = 13324 particle = gamma
file = 13325 particle = gamma
file = 13326 particle = gamma
file = 13327 particle = gamma
file = 13328 particle = gamma
file = 13329 particle = gamma
file = 13330 particle = gamma
file = 13331 particle = gamma
file = 13332 particle = gamma
file = 13333 particle = gamma
file = 13334 particle = gamma
file = 13335 particle = neutron
file = 13336 particle = neutron
file = 13337 particle = neutron
file = 13338 particle = gamma
file = 13339 particle = gamma
file = 13340 particle = gamma
file = 13341 particle = gamma
file = 13342 particle = neutron
file = 13343 particle = gamma
file = 13344 particle = gamma
file = 13345 particle = gamma
file = 13346 particle = gamma
file = 13347 particle = gamma
file = 13348 particle = gamma
file = 13349 particle = gamma
file = 13350 particle = gamma
file = 13351 particle = gamma
file = 13352 particle = gamma
file = 13353 particle = gamma
file = 13354 particle = neutron
file = 13355 particle = gamma
file = 13356 particle = gamma
file = 13357 particle = gamma
file = 13358 particle = neutron
file = 13359 particle = gamma
file = 13360 particle = neutron
file = 13361 particle = gamma
file = 13362 particle = gamma
file = 13363 particle = gamma
file = 13364 particle = gamma
file = 13365 particle = gamma
file = 13366 particle = gamma
file = 13367 particle = gamma
file = 13368 particle = neutron
file = 13369 particle = gamma
file = 13370 particle = gamma
file = 13371 particle = neutron
file = 13372 particle = gamma
file = 13373 particle = gamma
file = 13374 particle = gamma
file = 13375 particle = neutron
file = 13376 particle = neutron
file = 13377 particle = gamma
file = 13378 particle = gamma
file = 13379 particle = neutron
file = 13380 particle = gamma
file = 13381 particle = gamma
file = 13382 particle = gamma
file = 13383 particle = gamma
file = 13384 particle = gamma
file = 13385 particle = gamma
file = 13386 particle = gamma
file = 13387 particle = neutron
file = 13388 particle = neutron
file = 13389 particle = gamma
file = 13390 particle = gamma
file = 13391 particle = gamma
file = 13392 particle = gamma
file = 13393 particle = gamma
file = 13394 particle = gamma
file = 13395 particle = neutron
file = 13396 particle = gamma
file = 13397 particle = gamma
file = 13398 particle = gamma
file = 13399 particle = gamma
file = 13400 particle = gamma
file = 13401 particle = gamma
file = 13402 particle = gamma
file = 13403 particle = gamma
file = 13404 particle = gamma
file = 13405 particle = gamma
file = 13406 particle = gamma
file = 13407 particle = gamma
file = 13408 particle = neutron
file = 13409 particle = gamma
file = 13410 particle = gamma
file = 13411 particle = neutron
file = 13412 particle = gamma
file = 13413 particle = gamma
file = 13414 particle = gamma
file = 13415 particle = gamma
file = 13416 particle = gamma
file = 13417 particle = gamma
file = 13418 particle = gamma
file = 13419 particle = gamma
file = 13420 particle = gamma
file = 13421 particle = gamma
file = 13422 particle = gamma
file = 13423 particle = gamma
file = 13424 particle = neutron
file = 13425 particle = gamma
file = 13426 particle = gamma
file = 13427 particle = gamma
file = 13428 particle = neutron
file = 13429 particle = neutron
file = 13430 particle = gamma
file = 13431 particle = neutron
file = 13432 particle = gamma
file = 13433 particle = gamma
file = 13434 particle = gamma
file = 13435 particle = gamma
file = 13436 particle = gamma
file = 13437 particle = gamma
file = 13438 particle = gamma
file = 13439 particle = gamma
file = 13440 particle = gamma
file = 13441 particle = gamma
file = 13442 particle = gamma
file = 13443 particle = neutron
file = 13444 particle = gamma
file = 13445 particle = gamma
file = 13446 particle = neutron
file = 13447 particle = gamma
file = 13448 particle = gamma
file = 13449 particle = gamma
file = 13450 particle = gamma
file = 13451 particle = gamma
file = 13452 particle = neutron
file = 13453 particle = gamma
file = 13454 particle = gamma
file = 13455 particle = gamma
file = 13456 particle = gamma
file = 13457 particle = gamma
file = 13458 particle = gamma
file = 13459 particle = gamma
file = 13460 particle = gamma
file = 13461 particle = gamma
file = 13462 particle = neutron
file = 13463 particle = gamma
file = 13464 particle = neutron
file = 13465 particle = gamma
file = 13466 particle = gamma
file = 13467 particle = gamma
file = 13468 particle = neutron
file = 13469 particle = neutron
file = 13470 particle = gamma
file = 13471 particle = gamma
file = 13472 particle = gamma
file = 13473 particle = gamma
file = 13474 particle = neutron
file = 13475 particle = gamma
file = 13476 particle = gamma
file = 13477 particle = neutron
file = 13478 particle = gamma
file = 13479 particle = gamma
file = 13480 particle = gamma
file = 13481 particle = gamma
file = 13482 particle = gamma
file = 13483 particle = gamma
file = 13484 particle = gamma
file = 13485 particle = gamma
file = 13486 particle = neutron
file = 13487 particle = gamma
file = 13488 particle = gamma
file = 13489 particle = gamma
file = 13490 particle = gamma
file = 13491 particle = gamma
file = 13492 particle = gamma
file = 13493 particle = neutron
file = 13494 particle = gamma
file = 13495 particle = gamma
file = 13496 particle = gamma
file = 13497 particle = neutron
file = 13498 particle = gamma
file = 13499 particle = gamma
file = 13500 particle = gamma
file = 13501 particle = gamma
file = 13502 particle = gamma
file = 13503 particle = neutron
file = 13504 particle = neutron
file = 13505 particle = gamma
file = 13506 particle = gamma
file = 13507 particle = gamma
file = 13508 particle = gamma
file = 13509 particle = gamma
file = 13510 particle = neutron
file = 13511 particle = gamma
file = 13512 particle = gamma
file = 13513 particle = gamma
file = 13514 particle = neutron
file = 13515 particle = gamma
file = 13516 particle = gamma
file = 13517 particle = gamma
file = 13518 particle = gamma
file = 13519 particle = gamma
file = 13520 particle = gamma
file = 13521 particle = gamma
file = 13522 particle = gamma
file = 13523 particle = gamma
file = 13524 particle = gamma
file = 13525 particle = neutron
file = 13526 particle = gamma
file = 13527 particle = gamma
file = 13528 particle = gamma
file = 13529 particle = gamma
file = 13530 particle = gamma
file = 13531 particle = gamma
file = 13532 particle = gamma
file = 13533 particle = gamma
file = 13534 particle = gamma
file = 13535 particle = gamma
file = 13536 particle = gamma
file = 13537 particle = gamma
file = 13538 particle = gamma
file = 13539 particle = neutron
file = 13540 particle = gamma
file = 13541 particle = gamma
file = 13542 particle = gamma
file = 13543 particle = gamma
file = 13544 particle = gamma
file = 13545 particle = gamma
file = 13546 particle = neutron
file = 13547 particle = gamma
file = 13548 particle = gamma
file = 13549 particle = gamma
file = 13550 particle = gamma
file = 13551 particle = gamma
file = 13552 particle = neutron
file = 13553 particle = gamma
file = 13554 particle = neutron
file = 13555 particle = gamma
file = 13556 particle = gamma
file = 13557 particle = gamma
file = 13558 particle = gamma
file = 13559 particle = gamma
file = 13560 particle = gamma
file = 13561 particle = gamma
file = 13562 particle = gamma
file = 13563 particle = gamma
file = 13564 particle = gamma
file = 13565 particle = neutron
file = 13566 particle = gamma
file = 13567 particle = gamma
file = 13568 particle = gamma
file = 13569 particle = gamma
file = 13570 particle = gamma
file = 13571 particle = gamma
file = 13572 particle = gamma
file = 13573 particle = gamma
file = 13574 particle = gamma
file = 13575 particle = gamma
file = 13576 particle = gamma
file = 13577 particle = gamma
file = 13578 particle = gamma
file = 13579 particle = gamma
file = 13580 particle = neutron
file = 13581 particle = neutron
file = 13582 particle = gamma
file = 13583 particle = gamma
file = 13584 particle = gamma
file = 13585 particle = gamma
file = 13586 particle = gamma
file = 13587 particle = neutron
file = 13588 particle = gamma
file = 13589 particle = gamma
file = 13590 particle = gamma
file = 13591 particle = gamma
file = 13592 particle = gamma
file = 13593 particle = neutron
file = 13594 particle = gamma
file = 13595 particle = gamma
file = 13596 particle = neutron
file = 13597 particle = gamma
file = 13598 particle = gamma
file = 13599 particle = gamma
file = 13600 particle = gamma
file = 13601 particle = gamma
file = 13602 particle = neutron
file = 13603 particle = gamma
file = 13604 particle = neutron
file = 13605 particle = neutron
file = 13606 particle = gamma
file = 13607 particle = gamma
file = 13608 particle = gamma
file = 13609 particle = gamma
file = 13610 particle = gamma
file = 13611 particle = gamma
file = 13612 particle = gamma
file = 13613 particle = gamma
file = 13614 particle = gamma
file = 13615 particle = gamma
file = 13616 particle = gamma
file = 13617 particle = gamma
file = 13618 particle = gamma
file = 13619 particle = gamma
file = 13620 particle = gamma
file = 13621 particle = neutron
file = 13622 particle = gamma
file = 13623 particle = gamma
file = 13624 particle = gamma
file = 13625 particle = neutron
file = 13626 particle = gamma
file = 13627 particle = neutron
file = 13628 particle = gamma
file = 13629 particle = gamma
file = 13630 particle = gamma
file = 13631 particle = gamma
file = 13632 particle = gamma
file = 13633 particle = gamma
file = 13634 particle = gamma
file = 13635 particle = gamma
file = 13636 particle = gamma
file = 13637 particle = gamma
file = 13638 particle = neutron
file = 13639 particle = neutron
file = 13640 particle = neutron
file = 13641 particle = neutron
file = 13642 particle = gamma
file = 13643 particle = neutron
file = 13644 particle = gamma
file = 13645 particle = gamma
file = 13646 particle = gamma
file = 13647 particle = gamma
file = 13648 particle = gamma
file = 13649 particle = gamma
file = 13650 particle = gamma
file = 13651 particle = gamma
file = 13652 particle = gamma
file = 13653 particle = gamma
file = 13654 particle = gamma
file = 13655 particle = neutron
file = 13656 particle = gamma
file = 13657 particle = gamma
file = 13658 particle = gamma
file = 13659 particle = gamma
file = 13660 particle = gamma
file = 13661 particle = gamma
file = 13662 particle = gamma
file = 13663 particle = gamma
file = 13664 particle = gamma
file = 13665 particle = gamma
file = 13666 particle = gamma
file = 13667 particle = gamma
file = 13668 particle = gamma
file = 13669 particle = neutron
file = 13670 particle = gamma
file = 13671 particle = gamma
file = 13672 particle = gamma
file = 13673 particle = gamma
file = 13674 particle = gamma
file = 13675 particle = gamma
file = 13676 particle = gamma
file = 13677 particle = gamma
file = 13678 particle = gamma
file = 13679 particle = gamma
file = 13680 particle = gamma
file = 13681 particle = gamma
file = 13682 particle = gamma
file = 13683 particle = neutron
file = 13684 particle = gamma
file = 13685 particle = gamma
file = 13686 particle = gamma
file = 13687 particle = gamma
file = 13688 particle = gamma
file = 13689 particle = gamma
file = 13690 particle = neutron
file = 13691 particle = neutron
file = 13692 particle = gamma
file = 13693 particle = gamma
file = 13694 particle = gamma
file = 13695 particle = gamma
file = 13696 particle = gamma
file = 13697 particle = gamma
file = 13698 particle = gamma
file = 13699 particle = gamma
file = 13700 particle = gamma
file = 13701 particle = gamma
file = 13702 particle = gamma
file = 13703 particle = gamma
file = 13704 particle = gamma
file = 13705 particle = gamma
file = 13706 particle = neutron
file = 13707 particle = gamma
file = 13708 particle = gamma
file = 13709 particle = gamma
file = 13710 particle = neutron
file = 13711 particle = gamma
file = 13712 particle = gamma
file = 13713 particle = gamma
file = 13714 particle = gamma
file = 13715 particle = neutron
file = 13716 particle = gamma
file = 13717 particle = gamma
file = 13718 particle = neutron
file = 13719 particle = gamma
file = 13720 particle = gamma
file = 13721 particle = gamma
file = 13722 particle = neutron
file = 13723 particle = neutron
file = 13724 particle = gamma
file = 13725 particle = gamma
file = 13726 particle = gamma
file = 13727 particle = gamma
file = 13728 particle = gamma
file = 13729 particle = neutron
file = 13730 particle = gamma
file = 13731 particle = gamma
file = 13732 particle = gamma
file = 13733 particle = gamma
file = 13734 particle = gamma
file = 13735 particle = gamma
file = 13736 particle = neutron
file = 13737 particle = gamma
file = 13738 particle = gamma
file = 13739 particle = gamma
file = 13740 particle = gamma
file = 13741 particle = gamma
file = 13742 particle = gamma
file = 13743 particle = gamma
file = 13744 particle = gamma
file = 13745 particle = neutron
file = 13746 particle = gamma
file = 13747 particle = gamma
file = 13748 particle = gamma
file = 13749 particle = gamma
file = 13750 particle = gamma
file = 13751 particle = neutron
file = 13752 particle = neutron
file = 13753 particle = gamma
file = 13754 particle = neutron
file = 13755 particle = gamma
file = 13756 particle = gamma
file = 13757 particle = gamma
file = 13758 particle = gamma
file = 13759 particle = neutron
file = 13760 particle = gamma
file = 13761 particle = neutron
file = 13762 particle = gamma
file = 13763 particle = neutron
file = 13764 particle = gamma
file = 13765 particle = gamma
file = 13766 particle = gamma
file = 13767 particle = gamma
file = 13768 particle = gamma
file = 13769 particle = gamma
file = 13770 particle = neutron
file = 13771 particle = gamma
file = 13772 particle = gamma
file = 13773 particle = gamma
file = 13774 particle = gamma
file = 13775 particle = neutron
file = 13776 particle = gamma
file = 13777 particle = gamma
file = 13778 particle = gamma
file = 13779 particle = gamma
file = 13780 particle = gamma
file = 13781 particle = gamma
file = 13782 particle = gamma
file = 13783 particle = gamma
file = 13784 particle = gamma
file = 13785 particle = gamma
file = 13786 particle = neutron
file = 13787 particle = gamma
file = 13788 particle = gamma
file = 13789 particle = gamma
file = 13790 particle = gamma
file = 13791 particle = gamma
file = 13792 particle = gamma
file = 13793 particle = gamma
file = 13794 particle = gamma
file = 13795 particle = gamma
file = 13796 particle = gamma
file = 13797 particle = gamma
file = 13798 particle = gamma
file = 13799 particle = neutron
file = 13800 particle = gamma
file = 13801 particle = gamma
file = 13802 particle = gamma
file = 13803 particle = gamma
file = 13804 particle = gamma
file = 13805 particle = neutron
file = 13806 particle = gamma
file = 13807 particle = gamma
file = 13808 particle = neutron
file = 13809 particle = neutron
file = 13810 particle = gamma
file = 13811 particle = gamma
file = 13812 particle = gamma
file = 13813 particle = gamma
file = 13814 particle = gamma
file = 13815 particle = gamma
file = 13816 particle = gamma
file = 13817 particle = gamma
file = 13818 particle = gamma
file = 13819 particle = gamma
file = 13820 particle = gamma
file = 13821 particle = gamma
file = 13822 particle = neutron
file = 13823 particle = gamma
file = 13824 particle = gamma
file = 13825 particle = gamma
file = 13826 particle = gamma
file = 13827 particle = gamma
file = 13828 particle = gamma
file = 13829 particle = gamma
file = 13830 particle = gamma
file = 13831 particle = gamma
file = 13832 particle = neutron
file = 13833 particle = neutron
file = 13834 particle = gamma
file = 13835 particle = gamma
file = 13836 particle = gamma
file = 13837 particle = gamma
file = 13838 particle = gamma
file = 13839 particle = gamma
file = 13840 particle = gamma
file = 13841 particle = gamma
file = 13842 particle = gamma
file = 13843 particle = gamma
file = 13844 particle = gamma
file = 13845 particle = gamma
file = 13846 particle = gamma
file = 13847 particle = gamma
file = 13848 particle = gamma
file = 13849 particle = gamma
file = 13850 particle = gamma
file = 13851 particle = gamma
file = 13852 particle = gamma
file = 13853 particle = gamma
file = 13854 particle = gamma
file = 13855 particle = gamma
file = 13856 particle = gamma
file = 13857 particle = gamma
file = 13858 particle = gamma
file = 13859 particle = gamma
file = 13860 particle = gamma
file = 13861 particle = neutron
file = 13862 particle = gamma
file = 13863 particle = gamma
file = 13864 particle = neutron
file = 13865 particle = gamma
file = 13866 particle = gamma
file = 13867 particle = neutron
file = 13868 particle = gamma
file = 13869 particle = gamma
file = 13870 particle = neutron
file = 13871 particle = gamma
file = 13872 particle = gamma
file = 13873 particle = gamma
file = 13874 particle = gamma
file = 13875 particle = gamma
file = 13876 particle = gamma
file = 13877 particle = gamma
file = 13878 particle = gamma
file = 13879 particle = gamma
file = 13880 particle = gamma
file = 13881 particle = gamma
file = 13882 particle = neutron
file = 13883 particle = gamma
file = 13884 particle = gamma
file = 13885 particle = gamma
file = 13886 particle = gamma
file = 13887 particle = gamma
file = 13888 particle = gamma
file = 13889 particle = gamma
file = 13890 particle = gamma
file = 13891 particle = gamma
file = 13892 particle = gamma
file = 13893 particle = gamma
file = 13894 particle = gamma
file = 13895 particle = gamma
file = 13896 particle = gamma
file = 13897 particle = gamma
file = 13898 particle = neutron
file = 13899 particle = gamma
file = 13900 particle = gamma
file = 13901 particle = gamma
file = 13902 particle = neutron
file = 13903 particle = gamma
file = 13904 particle = gamma
file = 13905 particle = neutron
file = 13906 particle = neutron
file = 13907 particle = gamma
file = 13908 particle = gamma
file = 13909 particle = gamma
file = 13910 particle = gamma
file = 13911 particle = gamma
file = 13912 particle = gamma
file = 13913 particle = gamma
file = 13914 particle = gamma
file = 13915 particle = gamma
file = 13916 particle = gamma
file = 13917 particle = gamma
file = 13918 particle = gamma
file = 13919 particle = neutron
file = 13920 particle = gamma
file = 13921 particle = gamma
file = 13922 particle = gamma
file = 13923 particle = neutron
file = 13924 particle = gamma
file = 13925 particle = gamma
file = 13926 particle = gamma
file = 13927 particle = gamma
file = 13928 particle = gamma
file = 13929 particle = gamma
file = 13930 particle = gamma
file = 13931 particle = gamma
file = 13932 particle = gamma
file = 13933 particle = gamma
file = 13934 particle = gamma
file = 13935 particle = gamma
file = 13936 particle = gamma
file = 13937 particle = gamma
file = 13938 particle = gamma
file = 13939 particle = gamma
file = 13940 particle = gamma
file = 13941 particle = gamma
file = 13942 particle = gamma
file = 13943 particle = gamma
file = 13944 particle = gamma
file = 13945 particle = gamma
file = 13946 particle = gamma
file = 13947 particle = gamma
file = 13948 particle = gamma
file = 13949 particle = neutron
file = 13950 particle = gamma
file = 13951 particle = gamma
file = 13952 particle = gamma
file = 13953 particle = gamma
file = 13954 particle = gamma
file = 13955 particle = gamma
file = 13956 particle = gamma
file = 13957 particle = neutron
file = 13958 particle = gamma
file = 13959 particle = gamma
file = 13960 particle = gamma
file = 13961 particle = neutron
file = 13962 particle = gamma
file = 13963 particle = gamma
file = 13964 particle = gamma
file = 13965 particle = gamma
file = 13966 particle = gamma
file = 13967 particle = gamma
file = 13968 particle = gamma
file = 13969 particle = gamma
file = 13970 particle = gamma
file = 13971 particle = gamma
file = 13972 particle = gamma
file = 13973 particle = gamma
file = 13974 particle = neutron
file = 13975 particle = gamma
file = 13976 particle = gamma
file = 13977 particle = neutron
file = 13978 particle = neutron
file = 13979 particle = gamma
file = 13980 particle = gamma
file = 13981 particle = gamma
file = 13982 particle = gamma
file = 13983 particle = gamma
file = 13984 particle = gamma
file = 13985 particle = gamma
file = 13986 particle = neutron
file = 13987 particle = gamma
file = 13988 particle = neutron
file = 13989 particle = neutron
file = 13990 particle = gamma
file = 13991 particle = gamma
file = 13992 particle = neutron
file = 13993 particle = gamma
file = 13994 particle = gamma
file = 13995 particle = gamma
file = 13996 particle = neutron
file = 13997 particle = gamma
file = 13998 particle = gamma
file = 13999 particle = gamma
file = 14000 particle = gamma
file = 14001 particle = gamma
file = 14002 particle = gamma
file = 14003 particle = neutron
file = 14004 particle = neutron
file = 14005 particle = gamma
file = 14006 particle = gamma
file = 14007 particle = gamma
file = 14008 particle = gamma
file = 14009 particle = gamma
file = 14010 particle = gamma
file = 14011 particle = gamma
file = 14012 particle = neutron
file = 14013 particle = gamma
file = 14014 particle = gamma
file = 14015 particle = gamma
file = 14016 particle = gamma
file = 14017 particle = gamma
file = 14018 particle = gamma
file = 14019 particle = gamma
file = 14020 particle = gamma
file = 14021 particle = gamma
file = 14022 particle = gamma
file = 14023 particle = gamma
file = 14024 particle = neutron
file = 14025 particle = gamma
file = 14026 particle = gamma
file = 14027 particle = gamma
file = 14028 particle = gamma
file = 14029 particle = gamma
file = 14030 particle = gamma
file = 14031 particle = gamma
file = 14032 particle = gamma
file = 14033 particle = gamma
file = 14034 particle = gamma
file = 14035 particle = gamma
file = 14036 particle = gamma
file = 14037 particle = gamma
file = 14038 particle = gamma
file = 14039 particle = gamma
file = 14040 particle = gamma
file = 14041 particle = gamma
file = 14042 particle = gamma
file = 14043 particle = gamma
file = 14044 particle = gamma
file = 14045 particle = gamma
file = 14046 particle = gamma
file = 14047 particle = gamma
file = 14048 particle = gamma
file = 14049 particle = gamma
file = 14050 particle = gamma
file = 14051 particle = gamma
file = 14052 particle = gamma
file = 14053 particle = neutron
file = 14054 particle = gamma
file = 14055 particle = gamma
file = 14056 particle = gamma
file = 14057 particle = gamma
file = 14058 particle = gamma
file = 14059 particle = gamma
file = 14060 particle = gamma
file = 14061 particle = gamma
file = 14062 particle = gamma
file = 14063 particle = gamma
file = 14064 particle = neutron
file = 14065 particle = neutron
file = 14066 particle = gamma
file = 14067 particle = gamma
file = 14068 particle = gamma
file = 14069 particle = gamma
file = 14070 particle = neutron
file = 14071 particle = gamma
file = 14072 particle = gamma
file = 14073 particle = gamma
file = 14074 particle = gamma
file = 14075 particle = neutron
file = 14076 particle = gamma
file = 14077 particle = neutron
file = 14078 particle = gamma
file = 14079 particle = gamma
file = 14080 particle = gamma
file = 14081 particle = gamma
file = 14082 particle = gamma
file = 14083 particle = gamma
file = 14084 particle = neutron
file = 14085 particle = gamma
file = 14086 particle = gamma
file = 14087 particle = gamma
file = 14088 particle = gamma
file = 14089 particle = neutron
file = 14090 particle = gamma
file = 14091 particle = gamma
file = 14092 particle = neutron
file = 14093 particle = gamma
file = 14094 particle = gamma
file = 14095 particle = gamma
file = 14096 particle = gamma
file = 14097 particle = gamma
file = 14098 particle = gamma
file = 14099 particle = gamma
file = 14100 particle = gamma
file = 14101 particle = gamma
file = 14102 particle = gamma
file = 14103 particle = gamma
file = 14104 particle = gamma
file = 14105 particle = gamma
file = 14106 particle = gamma
file = 14107 particle = gamma
file = 14108 particle = neutron
file = 14109 particle = neutron
file = 14110 particle = gamma
file = 14111 particle = gamma
file = 14112 particle = neutron
file = 14113 particle = gamma
file = 14114 particle = gamma
file = 14115 particle = neutron
file = 14116 particle = gamma
file = 14117 particle = gamma
file = 14118 particle = neutron
file = 14119 particle = gamma
file = 14120 particle = gamma
file = 14121 particle = gamma
file = 14122 particle = gamma
file = 14123 particle = gamma
file = 14124 particle = neutron
file = 14125 particle = gamma
file = 14126 particle = neutron
file = 14127 particle = gamma
file = 14128 particle = gamma
file = 14129 particle = gamma
file = 14130 particle = gamma
file = 14131 particle = gamma
file = 14132 particle = neutron
file = 14133 particle = gamma
file = 14134 particle = gamma
file = 14135 particle = gamma
file = 14136 particle = gamma
file = 14137 particle = gamma
file = 14138 particle = gamma
file = 14139 particle = gamma
file = 14140 particle = gamma
file = 14141 particle = gamma
file = 14142 particle = gamma
file = 14143 particle = neutron
file = 14144 particle = gamma
file = 14145 particle = neutron
file = 14146 particle = gamma
file = 14147 particle = neutron
file = 14148 particle = neutron
file = 14149 particle = gamma
file = 14150 particle = gamma
file = 14151 particle = gamma
file = 14152 particle = neutron
file = 14153 particle = gamma
file = 14154 particle = neutron
file = 14155 particle = gamma
file = 14156 particle = neutron
file = 14157 particle = gamma
file = 14158 particle = gamma
file = 14159 particle = gamma
file = 14160 particle = gamma
file = 14161 particle = neutron
file = 14162 particle = gamma
file = 14163 particle = gamma
file = 14164 particle = neutron
file = 14165 particle = gamma
file = 14166 particle = gamma
file = 14167 particle = gamma
file = 14168 particle = gamma
file = 14169 particle = gamma
file = 14170 particle = gamma
file = 14171 particle = gamma
file = 14172 particle = gamma
file = 14173 particle = gamma
file = 14174 particle = gamma
file = 14175 particle = gamma
file = 14176 particle = neutron
file = 14177 particle = gamma
file = 14178 particle = gamma
file = 14179 particle = gamma
file = 14180 particle = gamma
file = 14181 particle = gamma
file = 14182 particle = gamma
file = 14183 particle = neutron
file = 14184 particle = gamma
file = 14185 particle = gamma
file = 14186 particle = gamma
file = 14187 particle = gamma
file = 14188 particle = gamma
file = 14189 particle = gamma
file = 14190 particle = gamma
file = 14191 particle = gamma
file = 14192 particle = neutron
file = 14193 particle = gamma
file = 14194 particle = gamma
file = 14195 particle = gamma
file = 14196 particle = gamma
file = 14197 particle = gamma
file = 14198 particle = gamma
file = 14199 particle = gamma
file = 14200 particle = gamma
file = 14201 particle = gamma
file = 14202 particle = gamma
file = 14203 particle = gamma
file = 14204 particle = gamma
file = 14205 particle = gamma
file = 14206 particle = neutron
file = 14207 particle = gamma
file = 14208 particle = gamma
file = 14209 particle = gamma
file = 14210 particle = gamma
file = 14211 particle = gamma
file = 14212 particle = gamma
file = 14213 particle = neutron
file = 14214 particle = gamma
file = 14215 particle = gamma
file = 14216 particle = gamma
file = 14217 particle = gamma
file = 14218 particle = neutron
file = 14219 particle = gamma
file = 14220 particle = gamma
file = 14221 particle = neutron
file = 14222 particle = gamma
file = 14223 particle = neutron
file = 14224 particle = gamma
file = 14225 particle = gamma
file = 14226 particle = gamma
file = 14227 particle = neutron
file = 14228 particle = gamma
file = 14229 particle = gamma
file = 14230 particle = gamma
file = 14231 particle = gamma
file = 14232 particle = gamma
file = 14233 particle = gamma
file = 14234 particle = gamma
file = 14235 particle = gamma
file = 14236 particle = gamma
file = 14237 particle = gamma
file = 14238 particle = gamma
file = 14239 particle = neutron
file = 14240 particle = gamma
file = 14241 particle = gamma
file = 14242 particle = neutron
file = 14243 particle = gamma
file = 14244 particle = gamma
file = 14245 particle = gamma
file = 14246 particle = neutron
file = 14247 particle = gamma
file = 14248 particle = neutron
file = 14249 particle = gamma
file = 14250 particle = neutron
file = 14251 particle = gamma
file = 14252 particle = gamma
file = 14253 particle = neutron
file = 14254 particle = gamma
file = 14255 particle = gamma
file = 14256 particle = gamma
file = 14257 particle = neutron
file = 14258 particle = gamma
file = 14259 particle = neutron
file = 14260 particle = gamma
file = 14261 particle = neutron
file = 14262 particle = gamma
file = 14263 particle = gamma
file = 14264 particle = gamma
file = 14265 particle = gamma
file = 14266 particle = gamma
file = 14267 particle = gamma
file = 14268 particle = gamma
file = 14269 particle = gamma
file = 14270 particle = gamma
file = 14271 particle = gamma
file = 14272 particle = gamma
file = 14273 particle = gamma
file = 14274 particle = gamma
file = 14275 particle = gamma
file = 14276 particle = neutron
file = 14277 particle = gamma
file = 14278 particle = gamma
file = 14279 particle = neutron
file = 14280 particle = gamma
file = 14281 particle = gamma
file = 14282 particle = neutron
file = 14283 particle = gamma
file = 14284 particle = neutron
file = 14285 particle = gamma
file = 14286 particle = gamma
file = 14287 particle = neutron
file = 14288 particle = gamma
file = 14289 particle = gamma
file = 14290 particle = neutron
file = 14291 particle = gamma
file = 14292 particle = gamma
file = 14293 particle = neutron
file = 14294 particle = gamma
file = 14295 particle = gamma
file = 14296 particle = neutron
file = 14297 particle = gamma
file = 14298 particle = gamma
file = 14299 particle = gamma
file = 14300 particle = gamma
file = 14301 particle = gamma
file = 14302 particle = gamma
file = 14303 particle = gamma
file = 14304 particle = gamma
file = 14305 particle = gamma
file = 14306 particle = neutron
file = 14307 particle = neutron
file = 14308 particle = gamma
file = 14309 particle = gamma
file = 14310 particle = gamma
file = 14311 particle = gamma
file = 14312 particle = gamma
file = 14313 particle = gamma
file = 14314 particle = gamma
file = 14315 particle = gamma
file = 14316 particle = gamma
file = 14317 particle = gamma
file = 14318 particle = gamma
file = 14319 particle = gamma
file = 14320 particle = gamma
file = 14321 particle = gamma
file = 14322 particle = gamma
file = 14323 particle = gamma
file = 14324 particle = gamma
file = 14325 particle = neutron
file = 14326 particle = gamma
file = 14327 particle = gamma
file = 14328 particle = gamma
file = 14329 particle = gamma
file = 14330 particle = gamma
file = 14331 particle = gamma
file = 14332 particle = gamma
file = 14333 particle = gamma
file = 14334 particle = gamma
file = 14335 particle = gamma
file = 14336 particle = gamma
file = 14337 particle = gamma
file = 14338 particle = gamma
file = 14339 particle = gamma
file = 14340 particle = gamma
file = 14341 particle = gamma
file = 14342 particle = gamma
file = 14343 particle = gamma
file = 14344 particle = gamma
file = 14345 particle = gamma
file = 14346 particle = neutron
file = 14347 particle = gamma
file = 14348 particle = gamma
file = 14349 particle = neutron
file = 14350 particle = gamma
file = 14351 particle = gamma
file = 14352 particle = gamma
file = 14353 particle = gamma
file = 14354 particle = gamma
file = 14355 particle = gamma
file = 14356 particle = gamma
file = 14357 particle = gamma
file = 14358 particle = gamma
file = 14359 particle = gamma
file = 14360 particle = gamma
file = 14361 particle = gamma
file = 14362 particle = gamma
file = 14363 particle = gamma
file = 14364 particle = gamma
file = 14365 particle = gamma
file = 14366 particle = gamma
file = 14367 particle = gamma
file = 14368 particle = gamma
file = 14369 particle = gamma
file = 14370 particle = gamma
file = 14371 particle = gamma
file = 14372 particle = neutron
file = 14373 particle = gamma
file = 14374 particle = gamma
file = 14375 particle = neutron
file = 14376 particle = gamma
file = 14377 particle = gamma
file = 14378 particle = gamma
file = 14379 particle = gamma
file = 14380 particle = gamma
file = 14381 particle = gamma
file = 14382 particle = gamma
file = 14383 particle = gamma
file = 14384 particle = gamma
file = 14385 particle = neutron
file = 14386 particle = gamma
file = 14387 particle = neutron
file = 14388 particle = gamma
file = 14389 particle = gamma
file = 14390 particle = gamma
file = 14391 particle = gamma
file = 14392 particle = gamma
file = 14393 particle = neutron
file = 14394 particle = gamma
file = 14395 particle = gamma
file = 14396 particle = gamma
file = 14397 particle = gamma
file = 14398 particle = gamma
file = 14399 particle = neutron
file = 14400 particle = gamma
file = 14401 particle = gamma
file = 14402 particle = gamma
file = 14403 particle = gamma
file = 14404 particle = gamma
file = 14405 particle = gamma
file = 14406 particle = gamma
file = 14407 particle = gamma
file = 14408 particle = gamma
file = 14409 particle = gamma
file = 14410 particle = gamma
file = 14411 particle = gamma
file = 14412 particle = gamma
file = 14413 particle = gamma
file = 14414 particle = neutron
file = 14415 particle = neutron
file = 14416 particle = gamma
file = 14417 particle = gamma
file = 14418 particle = gamma
file = 14419 particle = gamma
file = 14420 particle = gamma
file = 14421 particle = neutron
file = 14422 particle = neutron
file = 14423 particle = gamma
file = 14424 particle = gamma
file = 14425 particle = gamma
file = 14426 particle = gamma
file = 14427 particle = gamma
file = 14428 particle = gamma
file = 14429 particle = gamma
file = 14430 particle = gamma
file = 14431 particle = gamma
file = 14432 particle = gamma
file = 14433 particle = gamma
file = 14434 particle = gamma
file = 14435 particle = gamma
file = 14436 particle = neutron
file = 14437 particle = gamma
file = 14438 particle = gamma
file = 14439 particle = neutron
file = 14440 particle = gamma
file = 14441 particle = gamma
file = 14442 particle = gamma
file = 14443 particle = neutron
file = 14444 particle = gamma
file = 14445 particle = neutron
file = 14446 particle = gamma
file = 14447 particle = neutron
file = 14448 particle = gamma
file = 14449 particle = gamma
file = 14450 particle = gamma
file = 14451 particle = gamma
file = 14452 particle = neutron
file = 14453 particle = gamma
file = 14454 particle = neutron
file = 14455 particle = gamma
file = 14456 particle = gamma
file = 14457 particle = neutron
file = 14458 particle = gamma
file = 14459 particle = gamma
file = 14460 particle = gamma
file = 14461 particle = gamma
file = 14462 particle = gamma
file = 14463 particle = gamma
file = 14464 particle = gamma
file = 14465 particle = gamma
file = 14466 particle = gamma
file = 14467 particle = gamma
file = 14468 particle = gamma
file = 14469 particle = gamma
file = 14470 particle = neutron
file = 14471 particle = gamma
file = 14472 particle = gamma
file = 14473 particle = neutron
file = 14474 particle = gamma
file = 14475 particle = gamma
file = 14476 particle = neutron
file = 14477 particle = neutron
file = 14478 particle = gamma
file = 14479 particle = gamma
file = 14480 particle = neutron
file = 14481 particle = gamma
file = 14482 particle = neutron
file = 14483 particle = neutron
file = 14484 particle = gamma
file = 14485 particle = gamma
file = 14486 particle = gamma
file = 14487 particle = gamma
file = 14488 particle = gamma
file = 14489 particle = gamma
file = 14490 particle = neutron
file = 14491 particle = gamma
file = 14492 particle = gamma
file = 14493 particle = gamma
file = 14494 particle = gamma
file = 14495 particle = gamma
file = 14496 particle = gamma
file = 14497 particle = gamma
file = 14498 particle = gamma
file = 14499 particle = gamma
file = 14500 particle = gamma
file = 14501 particle = gamma
file = 14502 particle = gamma
file = 14503 particle = gamma
file = 14504 particle = gamma
file = 14505 particle = gamma
file = 14506 particle = gamma
file = 14507 particle = neutron
file = 14508 particle = gamma
file = 14509 particle = gamma
file = 14510 particle = gamma
file = 14511 particle = gamma
file = 14512 particle = gamma
file = 14513 particle = gamma
file = 14514 particle = gamma
file = 14515 particle = neutron
file = 14516 particle = gamma
file = 14517 particle = neutron
file = 14518 particle = gamma
file = 14519 particle = gamma
file = 14520 particle = gamma
file = 14521 particle = gamma
file = 14522 particle = neutron
file = 14523 particle = gamma
file = 14524 particle = gamma
file = 14525 particle = gamma
file = 14526 particle = gamma
file = 14527 particle = gamma
file = 14528 particle = neutron
file = 14529 particle = neutron
file = 14530 particle = gamma
file = 14531 particle = gamma
file = 14532 particle = neutron
file = 14533 particle = gamma
file = 14534 particle = gamma
file = 14535 particle = neutron
file = 14536 particle = gamma
file = 14537 particle = gamma
file = 14538 particle = gamma
file = 14539 particle = gamma
file = 14540 particle = gamma
file = 14541 particle = gamma
file = 14542 particle = gamma
file = 14543 particle = neutron
file = 14544 particle = neutron
file = 14545 particle = gamma
file = 14546 particle = gamma
file = 14547 particle = gamma
file = 14548 particle = neutron
file = 14549 particle = neutron
file = 14550 particle = gamma
file = 14551 particle = gamma
file = 14552 particle = gamma
file = 14553 particle = neutron
file = 14554 particle = neutron
file = 14555 particle = neutron
file = 14556 particle = neutron
file = 14557 particle = gamma
file = 14558 particle = gamma
file = 14559 particle = gamma
file = 14560 particle = gamma
file = 14561 particle = neutron
file = 14562 particle = neutron
file = 14563 particle = gamma
file = 14564 particle = gamma
file = 14565 particle = gamma
file = 14566 particle = gamma
file = 14567 particle = gamma
file = 14568 particle = gamma
file = 14569 particle = neutron
file = 14570 particle = gamma
file = 14571 particle = neutron
file = 14572 particle = gamma
file = 14573 particle = gamma
file = 14574 particle = gamma
file = 14575 particle = gamma
file = 14576 particle = neutron
file = 14577 particle = gamma
file = 14578 particle = gamma
file = 14579 particle = gamma
file = 14580 particle = neutron
file = 14581 particle = gamma
file = 14582 particle = gamma
file = 14583 particle = gamma
file = 14584 particle = neutron
file = 14585 particle = gamma
file = 14586 particle = gamma
file = 14587 particle = gamma
file = 14588 particle = gamma
file = 14589 particle = gamma
file = 14590 particle = gamma
file = 14591 particle = neutron
file = 14592 particle = gamma
file = 14593 particle = gamma
file = 14594 particle = neutron
file = 14595 particle = gamma
file = 14596 particle = neutron
file = 14597 particle = gamma
file = 14598 particle = gamma
file = 14599 particle = gamma
file = 14600 particle = gamma
file = 14601 particle = gamma
file = 14602 particle = gamma
file = 14603 particle = gamma
file = 14604 particle = gamma
file = 14605 particle = gamma
file = 14606 particle = gamma
file = 14607 particle = gamma
file = 14608 particle = gamma
file = 14609 particle = gamma
file = 14610 particle = gamma
file = 14611 particle = neutron
file = 14612 particle = gamma
file = 14613 particle = gamma
file = 14614 particle = gamma
file = 14615 particle = gamma
file = 14616 particle = gamma
file = 14617 particle = gamma
file = 14618 particle = gamma
file = 14619 particle = neutron
file = 14620 particle = gamma
file = 14621 particle = gamma
file = 14622 particle = gamma
file = 14623 particle = gamma
file = 14624 particle = gamma
file = 14625 particle = neutron
file = 14626 particle = gamma
file = 14627 particle = neutron
file = 14628 particle = neutron
file = 14629 particle = gamma
file = 14630 particle = gamma
file = 14631 particle = gamma
file = 14632 particle = gamma
file = 14633 particle = gamma
file = 14634 particle = gamma
file = 14635 particle = gamma
file = 14636 particle = gamma
file = 14637 particle = gamma
file = 14638 particle = gamma
file = 14639 particle = gamma
file = 14640 particle = gamma
file = 14641 particle = gamma
file = 14642 particle = gamma
file = 14643 particle = gamma
file = 14644 particle = gamma
file = 14645 particle = gamma
file = 14646 particle = neutron
file = 14647 particle = neutron
file = 14648 particle = gamma
file = 14649 particle = neutron
file = 14650 particle = gamma
file = 14651 particle = gamma
file = 14652 particle = gamma
file = 14653 particle = gamma
file = 14654 particle = gamma
file = 14655 particle = gamma
file = 14656 particle = gamma
file = 14657 particle = gamma
file = 14658 particle = gamma
file = 14659 particle = gamma
file = 14660 particle = gamma
file = 14661 particle = gamma
file = 14662 particle = gamma
file = 14663 particle = neutron
file = 14664 particle = gamma
file = 14665 particle = gamma
file = 14666 particle = neutron
file = 14667 particle = gamma
file = 14668 particle = gamma
file = 14669 particle = gamma
file = 14670 particle = gamma
file = 14671 particle = gamma
file = 14672 particle = neutron
file = 14673 particle = gamma
file = 14674 particle = gamma
file = 14675 particle = gamma
file = 14676 particle = neutron
file = 14677 particle = gamma
file = 14678 particle = gamma
file = 14679 particle = gamma
file = 14680 particle = gamma
file = 14681 particle = gamma
file = 14682 particle = gamma
file = 14683 particle = gamma
file = 14684 particle = gamma
file = 14685 particle = neutron
file = 14686 particle = gamma
file = 14687 particle = gamma
file = 14688 particle = neutron
file = 14689 particle = gamma
file = 14690 particle = gamma
file = 14691 particle = neutron
file = 14692 particle = gamma
file = 14693 particle = gamma
file = 14694 particle = gamma
file = 14695 particle = gamma
file = 14696 particle = gamma
file = 14697 particle = gamma
file = 14698 particle = gamma
file = 14699 particle = neutron
file = 14700 particle = gamma
file = 14701 particle = gamma
file = 14702 particle = gamma
file = 14703 particle = neutron
file = 14704 particle = gamma
file = 14705 particle = gamma
file = 14706 particle = gamma
file = 14707 particle = gamma
file = 14708 particle = gamma
file = 14709 particle = gamma
file = 14710 particle = gamma
file = 14711 particle = gamma
file = 14712 particle = gamma
file = 14713 particle = gamma
file = 14714 particle = neutron
file = 14715 particle = gamma
file = 14716 particle = gamma
file = 14717 particle = gamma
file = 14718 particle = gamma
file = 14719 particle = neutron
file = 14720 particle = gamma
file = 14721 particle = gamma
file = 14722 particle = gamma
file = 14723 particle = gamma
file = 14724 particle = neutron
file = 14725 particle = gamma
file = 14726 particle = gamma
file = 14727 particle = gamma
file = 14728 particle = gamma
file = 14729 particle = neutron
file = 14730 particle = gamma
file = 14731 particle = gamma
file = 14732 particle = gamma
file = 14733 particle = gamma
file = 14734 particle = gamma
file = 14735 particle = gamma
file = 14736 particle = gamma
file = 14737 particle = gamma
file = 14738 particle = neutron
file = 14739 particle = gamma
file = 14740 particle = neutron
file = 14741 particle = neutron
file = 14742 particle = gamma
file = 14743 particle = neutron
file = 14744 particle = neutron
file = 14745 particle = gamma
file = 14746 particle = gamma
file = 14747 particle = gamma
file = 14748 particle = gamma
file = 14749 particle = gamma
file = 14750 particle = gamma
file = 14751 particle = gamma
file = 14752 particle = gamma
file = 14753 particle = gamma
file = 14754 particle = gamma
file = 14755 particle = neutron
file = 14756 particle = neutron
file = 14757 particle = gamma
file = 14758 particle = gamma
file = 14759 particle = gamma
file = 14760 particle = gamma
file = 14761 particle = gamma
file = 14762 particle = gamma
file = 14763 particle = gamma
file = 14764 particle = gamma
file = 14765 particle = gamma
file = 14766 particle = gamma
file = 14767 particle = gamma
file = 14768 particle = gamma
file = 14769 particle = gamma
file = 14770 particle = gamma
file = 14771 particle = gamma
file = 14772 particle = gamma
file = 14773 particle = neutron
file = 14774 particle = gamma
file = 14775 particle = gamma
file = 14776 particle = neutron
file = 14777 particle = gamma
file = 14778 particle = gamma
file = 14779 particle = neutron
file = 14780 particle = gamma
file = 14781 particle = gamma
file = 14782 particle = gamma
file = 14783 particle = gamma
file = 14784 particle = gamma
file = 14785 particle = gamma
file = 14786 particle = gamma
file = 14787 particle = gamma
file = 14788 particle = gamma
file = 14789 particle = gamma
file = 14790 particle = gamma
file = 14791 particle = gamma
file = 14792 particle = gamma
file = 14793 particle = gamma
file = 14794 particle = gamma
file = 14795 particle = gamma
file = 14796 particle = gamma
file = 14797 particle = gamma
file = 14798 particle = neutron
file = 14799 particle = gamma
file = 14800 particle = gamma
file = 14801 particle = gamma
file = 14802 particle = gamma
file = 14803 particle = gamma
file = 14804 particle = neutron
file = 14805 particle = neutron
file = 14806 particle = gamma
file = 14807 particle = gamma
file = 14808 particle = gamma
file = 14809 particle = gamma
file = 14810 particle = neutron
file = 14811 particle = gamma
file = 14812 particle = gamma
file = 14813 particle = gamma
file = 14814 particle = gamma
file = 14815 particle = gamma
file = 14816 particle = gamma
file = 14817 particle = gamma
file = 14818 particle = gamma
file = 14819 particle = gamma
file = 14820 particle = gamma
file = 14821 particle = gamma
file = 14822 particle = gamma
file = 14823 particle = gamma
file = 14824 particle = gamma
file = 14825 particle = gamma
file = 14826 particle = gamma
file = 14827 particle = gamma
file = 14828 particle = gamma
file = 14829 particle = gamma
file = 14830 particle = gamma
file = 14831 particle = gamma
file = 14832 particle = gamma
file = 14833 particle = gamma
file = 14834 particle = neutron
file = 14835 particle = gamma
file = 14836 particle = gamma
file = 14837 particle = gamma
file = 14838 particle = gamma
file = 14839 particle = gamma
file = 14840 particle = gamma
file = 14841 particle = neutron
file = 14842 particle = gamma
file = 14843 particle = gamma
file = 14844 particle = gamma
file = 14845 particle = gamma
file = 14846 particle = gamma
file = 14847 particle = gamma
file = 14848 particle = gamma
file = 14849 particle = gamma
file = 14850 particle = gamma
file = 14851 particle = neutron
file = 14852 particle = gamma
file = 14853 particle = gamma
file = 14854 particle = gamma
file = 14855 particle = gamma
file = 14856 particle = gamma
file = 14857 particle = gamma
file = 14858 particle = neutron
file = 14859 particle = gamma
file = 14860 particle = gamma
file = 14861 particle = neutron
file = 14862 particle = neutron
file = 14863 particle = gamma
file = 14864 particle = gamma
file = 14865 particle = gamma
file = 14866 particle = gamma
file = 14867 particle = gamma
file = 14868 particle = gamma
file = 14869 particle = neutron
file = 14870 particle = gamma
file = 14871 particle = gamma
file = 14872 particle = gamma
file = 14873 particle = gamma
file = 14874 particle = gamma
file = 14875 particle = gamma
file = 14876 particle = gamma
file = 14877 particle = gamma
file = 14878 particle = gamma
file = 14879 particle = gamma
file = 14880 particle = gamma
file = 14881 particle = gamma
file = 14882 particle = gamma
file = 14883 particle = gamma
file = 14884 particle = gamma
file = 14885 particle = gamma
file = 14886 particle = gamma
file = 14887 particle = gamma
file = 14888 particle = gamma
file = 14889 particle = gamma
file = 14890 particle = gamma
file = 14891 particle = gamma
file = 14892 particle = gamma
file = 14893 particle = gamma
file = 14894 particle = gamma
file = 14895 particle = gamma
file = 14896 particle = gamma
file = 14897 particle = gamma
file = 14898 particle = gamma
file = 14899 particle = gamma
file = 14900 particle = gamma
file = 14901 particle = neutron
file = 14902 particle = gamma
file = 14903 particle = gamma
file = 14904 particle = gamma
file = 14905 particle = gamma
file = 14906 particle = gamma
file = 14907 particle = gamma
file = 14908 particle = gamma
file = 14909 particle = neutron
file = 14910 particle = gamma
file = 14911 particle = gamma
file = 14912 particle = gamma
file = 14913 particle = gamma
file = 14914 particle = gamma
file = 14915 particle = neutron
file = 14916 particle = gamma
file = 14917 particle = gamma
file = 14918 particle = gamma
file = 14919 particle = gamma
file = 14920 particle = gamma
file = 14921 particle = gamma
file = 14922 particle = gamma
file = 14923 particle = gamma
file = 14924 particle = gamma
file = 14925 particle = gamma
file = 14926 particle = gamma
file = 14927 particle = gamma
file = 14928 particle = gamma
file = 14929 particle = gamma
file = 14930 particle = neutron
file = 14931 particle = gamma
file = 14932 particle = gamma
file = 14933 particle = gamma
file = 14934 particle = gamma
file = 14935 particle = gamma
file = 14936 particle = gamma
file = 14937 particle = neutron
file = 14938 particle = gamma
file = 14939 particle = neutron
file = 14940 particle = gamma
file = 14941 particle = gamma
file = 14942 particle = gamma
file = 14943 particle = gamma
file = 14944 particle = neutron
file = 14945 particle = gamma
file = 14946 particle = gamma
file = 14947 particle = gamma
file = 14948 particle = gamma
file = 14949 particle = gamma
file = 14950 particle = gamma
file = 14951 particle = neutron
file = 14952 particle = gamma
file = 14953 particle = neutron
file = 14954 particle = gamma
file = 14955 particle = gamma
file = 14956 particle = gamma
file = 14957 particle = gamma
file = 14958 particle = gamma
file = 14959 particle = neutron
file = 14960 particle = gamma
file = 14961 particle = gamma
file = 14962 particle = gamma
file = 14963 particle = gamma
file = 14964 particle = gamma
file = 14965 particle = gamma
file = 14966 particle = gamma
file = 14967 particle = gamma
file = 14968 particle = gamma
file = 14969 particle = gamma
file = 14970 particle = gamma
file = 14971 particle = gamma
file = 14972 particle = gamma
file = 14973 particle = gamma
file = 14974 particle = gamma
file = 14975 particle = gamma
file = 14976 particle = gamma
file = 14977 particle = gamma
file = 14978 particle = gamma
file = 14979 particle = gamma
file = 14980 particle = gamma
file = 14981 particle = gamma
file = 14982 particle = gamma
file = 14983 particle = gamma
file = 14984 particle = gamma
file = 14985 particle = gamma
file = 14986 particle = neutron
file = 14987 particle = gamma
file = 14988 particle = gamma
file = 14989 particle = gamma
file = 14990 particle = neutron
file = 14991 particle = neutron
file = 14992 particle = gamma
file = 14993 particle = gamma
file = 14994 particle = gamma
file = 14995 particle = gamma
file = 14996 particle = neutron
file = 14997 particle = gamma
file = 14998 particle = gamma
file = 14999 particle = gamma
file = 15000 particle = gamma
file = 15001 particle = gamma
file = 15002 particle = gamma
file = 15003 particle = gamma
file = 15004 particle = gamma
file = 15005 particle = gamma
file = 15006 particle = gamma
file = 15007 particle = gamma
file = 15008 particle = gamma
file = 15009 particle = gamma
file = 15010 particle = gamma
file = 15011 particle = gamma
file = 15012 particle = gamma
file = 15013 particle = gamma
file = 15014 particle = gamma
file = 15015 particle = gamma
file = 15016 particle = gamma
file = 15017 particle = gamma
file = 15018 particle = gamma
file = 15019 particle = gamma
file = 15020 particle = gamma
file = 15021 particle = gamma
file = 15022 particle = neutron
file = 15023 particle = gamma
file = 15024 particle = neutron
file = 15025 particle = gamma
file = 15026 particle = gamma
file = 15027 particle = gamma
file = 15028 particle = gamma
file = 15029 particle = gamma
file = 15030 particle = gamma
file = 15031 particle = neutron
file = 15032 particle = gamma
file = 15033 particle = gamma
file = 15034 particle = gamma
file = 15035 particle = gamma
file = 15036 particle = gamma
file = 15037 particle = gamma
file = 15038 particle = gamma
file = 15039 particle = gamma
file = 15040 particle = gamma
file = 15041 particle = gamma
file = 15042 particle = gamma
file = 15043 particle = neutron
file = 15044 particle = gamma
file = 15045 particle = gamma
file = 15046 particle = gamma
file = 15047 particle = gamma
file = 15048 particle = gamma
file = 15049 particle = gamma
file = 15050 particle = gamma
file = 15051 particle = gamma
file = 15052 particle = gamma
file = 15053 particle = gamma
file = 15054 particle = gamma
file = 15055 particle = gamma
file = 15056 particle = gamma
file = 15057 particle = gamma
file = 15058 particle = gamma
file = 15059 particle = gamma
file = 15060 particle = gamma
file = 15061 particle = gamma
file = 15062 particle = gamma
file = 15063 particle = gamma
file = 15064 particle = gamma
file = 15065 particle = gamma
file = 15066 particle = gamma
file = 15067 particle = gamma
file = 15068 particle = gamma
file = 15069 particle = gamma
file = 15070 particle = neutron
file = 15071 particle = gamma
file = 15072 particle = gamma
file = 15073 particle = gamma
file = 15074 particle = gamma
file = 15075 particle = neutron
file = 15076 particle = gamma
file = 15077 particle = gamma
file = 15078 particle = gamma
file = 15079 particle = gamma
file = 15080 particle = gamma
file = 15081 particle = gamma
file = 15082 particle = gamma
file = 15083 particle = gamma
file = 15084 particle = gamma
file = 15085 particle = gamma
file = 15086 particle = gamma
file = 15087 particle = neutron
file = 15088 particle = neutron
file = 15089 particle = gamma
file = 15090 particle = neutron
file = 15091 particle = gamma
file = 15092 particle = gamma
file = 15093 particle = gamma
file = 15094 particle = neutron
file = 15095 particle = gamma
file = 15096 particle = gamma
file = 15097 particle = neutron
file = 15098 particle = gamma
file = 15099 particle = gamma
file = 15100 particle = gamma
file = 15101 particle = gamma
file = 15102 particle = neutron
file = 15103 particle = gamma
file = 15104 particle = gamma
file = 15105 particle = gamma
file = 15106 particle = gamma
file = 15107 particle = gamma
file = 15108 particle = gamma
file = 15109 particle = gamma
file = 15110 particle = gamma
file = 15111 particle = gamma
file = 15112 particle = gamma
file = 15113 particle = gamma
file = 15114 particle = gamma
file = 15115 particle = neutron
file = 15116 particle = gamma
file = 15117 particle = gamma
file = 15118 particle = gamma
file = 15119 particle = gamma
file = 15120 particle = gamma
file = 15121 particle = gamma
file = 15122 particle = gamma
file = 15123 particle = gamma
file = 15124 particle = gamma
file = 15125 particle = neutron
file = 15126 particle = gamma
file = 15127 particle = gamma
file = 15128 particle = gamma
file = 15129 particle = gamma
file = 15130 particle = gamma
file = 15131 particle = neutron
file = 15132 particle = gamma
file = 15133 particle = neutron
file = 15134 particle = gamma
file = 15135 particle = gamma
file = 15136 particle = gamma
file = 15137 particle = gamma
file = 15138 particle = neutron
file = 15139 particle = neutron
file = 15140 particle = gamma
file = 15141 particle = gamma
file = 15142 particle = neutron
file = 15143 particle = gamma
file = 15144 particle = neutron
file = 15145 particle = gamma
file = 15146 particle = neutron
file = 15147 particle = gamma
file = 15148 particle = gamma
file = 15149 particle = gamma
file = 15150 particle = gamma
file = 15151 particle = gamma
file = 15152 particle = gamma
file = 15153 particle = gamma
file = 15154 particle = gamma
file = 15155 particle = gamma
file = 15156 particle = gamma
file = 15157 particle = gamma
file = 15158 particle = gamma
file = 15159 particle = gamma
file = 15160 particle = gamma
file = 15161 particle = gamma
file = 15162 particle = gamma
file = 15163 particle = gamma
file = 15164 particle = neutron
file = 15165 particle = neutron
file = 15166 particle = gamma
file = 15167 particle = neutron
file = 15168 particle = gamma
file = 15169 particle = gamma
file = 15170 particle = gamma
file = 15171 particle = gamma
file = 15172 particle = gamma
file = 15173 particle = gamma
file = 15174 particle = gamma
file = 15175 particle = gamma
file = 15176 particle = gamma
file = 15177 particle = gamma
file = 15178 particle = gamma
file = 15179 particle = neutron
file = 15180 particle = gamma
file = 15181 particle = gamma
file = 15182 particle = gamma
file = 15183 particle = gamma
file = 15184 particle = gamma
file = 15185 particle = gamma
file = 15186 particle = gamma
file = 15187 particle = gamma
file = 15188 particle = gamma
file = 15189 particle = gamma
file = 15190 particle = gamma
file = 15191 particle = gamma
file = 15192 particle = gamma
file = 15193 particle = gamma
file = 15194 particle = gamma
file = 15195 particle = neutron
file = 15196 particle = gamma
file = 15197 particle = gamma
file = 15198 particle = gamma
file = 15199 particle = gamma
file = 15200 particle = gamma
file = 15201 particle = gamma
file = 15202 particle = gamma
file = 15203 particle = gamma
file = 15204 particle = gamma
file = 15205 particle = gamma
file = 15206 particle = gamma
file = 15207 particle = gamma
file = 15208 particle = gamma
file = 15209 particle = gamma
file = 15210 particle = gamma
file = 15211 particle = gamma
file = 15212 particle = gamma
file = 15213 particle = gamma
file = 15214 particle = gamma
file = 15215 particle = gamma
file = 15216 particle = neutron
file = 15217 particle = gamma
file = 15218 particle = neutron
file = 15219 particle = neutron
file = 15220 particle = gamma
file = 15221 particle = gamma
file = 15222 particle = gamma
file = 15223 particle = gamma
file = 15224 particle = gamma
file = 15225 particle = gamma
file = 15226 particle = gamma
file = 15227 particle = gamma
file = 15228 particle = neutron
file = 15229 particle = gamma
file = 15230 particle = gamma
file = 15231 particle = gamma
file = 15232 particle = neutron
file = 15233 particle = gamma
file = 15234 particle = gamma
file = 15235 particle = gamma
file = 15236 particle = gamma
file = 15237 particle = gamma
file = 15238 particle = gamma
file = 15239 particle = gamma
file = 15240 particle = gamma
file = 15241 particle = gamma
file = 15242 particle = gamma
file = 15243 particle = gamma
file = 15244 particle = gamma
file = 15245 particle = gamma
file = 15246 particle = gamma
file = 15247 particle = gamma
file = 15248 particle = gamma
file = 15249 particle = neutron
file = 15250 particle = gamma
file = 15251 particle = gamma
file = 15252 particle = gamma
file = 15253 particle = neutron
file = 15254 particle = gamma
file = 15255 particle = neutron
file = 15256 particle = gamma
file = 15257 particle = gamma
file = 15258 particle = gamma
file = 15259 particle = gamma
file = 15260 particle = gamma
file = 15261 particle = gamma
file = 15262 particle = gamma
file = 15263 particle = neutron
file = 15264 particle = gamma
file = 15265 particle = gamma
file = 15266 particle = gamma
file = 15267 particle = gamma
file = 15268 particle = gamma
file = 15269 particle = neutron
file = 15270 particle = gamma
file = 15271 particle = gamma
file = 15272 particle = gamma
file = 15273 particle = gamma
file = 15274 particle = gamma
file = 15275 particle = gamma
file = 15276 particle = gamma
file = 15277 particle = gamma
file = 15278 particle = neutron
file = 15279 particle = gamma
file = 15280 particle = gamma
file = 15281 particle = gamma
file = 15282 particle = gamma
file = 15283 particle = gamma
file = 15284 particle = gamma
file = 15285 particle = gamma
file = 15286 particle = neutron
file = 15287 particle = gamma
file = 15288 particle = gamma
file = 15289 particle = gamma
file = 15290 particle = gamma
file = 15291 particle = gamma
file = 15292 particle = neutron
file = 15293 particle = gamma
file = 15294 particle = gamma
file = 15295 particle = gamma
file = 15296 particle = neutron
file = 15297 particle = gamma
file = 15298 particle = gamma
file = 15299 particle = neutron
file = 15300 particle = gamma
file = 15301 particle = gamma
file = 15302 particle = gamma
file = 15303 particle = neutron
file = 15304 particle = gamma
file = 15305 particle = neutron
file = 15306 particle = neutron
file = 15307 particle = neutron
file = 15308 particle = gamma
file = 15309 particle = gamma
file = 15310 particle = gamma
file = 15311 particle = gamma
file = 15312 particle = gamma
file = 15313 particle = gamma
file = 15314 particle = gamma
file = 15315 particle = neutron
file = 15316 particle = gamma
file = 15317 particle = gamma
file = 15318 particle = gamma
file = 15319 particle = gamma
file = 15320 particle = neutron
file = 15321 particle = gamma
file = 15322 particle = neutron
file = 15323 particle = gamma
file = 15324 particle = gamma
file = 15325 particle = gamma
file = 15326 particle = neutron
file = 15327 particle = gamma
file = 15328 particle = gamma
file = 15329 particle = gamma
file = 15330 particle = gamma
file = 15331 particle = gamma
file = 15332 particle = gamma
file = 15333 particle = gamma
file = 15334 particle = gamma
file = 15335 particle = gamma
file = 15336 particle = gamma
file = 15337 particle = gamma
file = 15338 particle = neutron
file = 15339 particle = gamma
file = 15340 particle = gamma
file = 15341 particle = gamma
file = 15342 particle = gamma
file = 15343 particle = gamma
file = 15344 particle = gamma
file = 15345 particle = gamma
file = 15346 particle = gamma
file = 15347 particle = neutron
file = 15348 particle = gamma
file = 15349 particle = neutron
file = 15350 particle = gamma
file = 15351 particle = gamma
file = 15352 particle = gamma
file = 15353 particle = gamma
file = 15354 particle = gamma
file = 15355 particle = gamma
file = 15356 particle = gamma
file = 15357 particle = gamma
file = 15358 particle = gamma
file = 15359 particle = gamma
file = 15360 particle = gamma
file = 15361 particle = gamma
file = 15362 particle = gamma
file = 15363 particle = gamma
file = 15364 particle = gamma
file = 15365 particle = gamma
file = 15366 particle = gamma
file = 15367 particle = gamma
file = 15368 particle = gamma
file = 15369 particle = gamma
file = 15370 particle = gamma
file = 15371 particle = gamma
file = 15372 particle = gamma
file = 15373 particle = gamma
file = 15374 particle = gamma
file = 15375 particle = gamma
file = 15376 particle = gamma
file = 15377 particle = gamma
file = 15378 particle = gamma
file = 15379 particle = gamma
file = 15380 particle = gamma
file = 15381 particle = gamma
file = 15382 particle = gamma
file = 15383 particle = gamma
file = 15384 particle = gamma
file = 15385 particle = gamma
file = 15386 particle = neutron
file = 15387 particle = gamma
file = 15388 particle = gamma
file = 15389 particle = gamma
file = 15390 particle = gamma
file = 15391 particle = gamma
file = 15392 particle = gamma
file = 15393 particle = gamma
file = 15394 particle = gamma
file = 15395 particle = gamma
file = 15396 particle = gamma
file = 15397 particle = gamma
file = 15398 particle = gamma
file = 15399 particle = gamma
file = 15400 particle = gamma
file = 15401 particle = gamma
file = 15402 particle = gamma
file = 15403 particle = neutron
file = 15404 particle = gamma
file = 15405 particle = gamma
file = 15406 particle = gamma
file = 15407 particle = gamma
file = 15408 particle = gamma
file = 15409 particle = gamma
file = 15410 particle = gamma
file = 15411 particle = gamma
file = 15412 particle = gamma
file = 15413 particle = gamma
file = 15414 particle = gamma
file = 15415 particle = gamma
file = 15416 particle = gamma
file = 15417 particle = gamma
file = 15418 particle = gamma
file = 15419 particle = gamma
file = 15420 particle = gamma
file = 15421 particle = gamma
file = 15422 particle = gamma
file = 15423 particle = gamma
file = 15424 particle = gamma
file = 15425 particle = gamma
file = 15426 particle = gamma
file = 15427 particle = gamma
file = 15428 particle = gamma
file = 15429 particle = neutron
file = 15430 particle = gamma
file = 15431 particle = gamma
file = 15432 particle = gamma
file = 15433 particle = gamma
file = 15434 particle = gamma
file = 15435 particle = gamma
file = 15436 particle = gamma
file = 15437 particle = gamma
file = 15438 particle = gamma
file = 15439 particle = gamma
file = 15440 particle = gamma
file = 15441 particle = neutron
file = 15442 particle = gamma
file = 15443 particle = gamma
file = 15444 particle = gamma
file = 15445 particle = gamma
file = 15446 particle = gamma
file = 15447 particle = gamma
file = 15448 particle = gamma
file = 15449 particle = gamma
file = 15450 particle = gamma
file = 15451 particle = neutron
file = 15452 particle = gamma
file = 15453 particle = neutron
file = 15454 particle = gamma
file = 15455 particle = neutron
file = 15456 particle = gamma
file = 15457 particle = gamma
file = 15458 particle = gamma
file = 15459 particle = neutron
file = 15460 particle = gamma
file = 15461 particle = gamma
file = 15462 particle = gamma
file = 15463 particle = neutron
file = 15464 particle = gamma
file = 15465 particle = gamma
file = 15466 particle = gamma
file = 15467 particle = gamma
file = 15468 particle = gamma
file = 15469 particle = gamma
file = 15470 particle = gamma
file = 15471 particle = gamma
file = 15472 particle = gamma
file = 15473 particle = gamma
file = 15474 particle = gamma
file = 15475 particle = gamma
file = 15476 particle = gamma
file = 15477 particle = gamma
file = 15478 particle = gamma
file = 15479 particle = gamma
file = 15480 particle = gamma
file = 15481 particle = gamma
file = 15482 particle = gamma
file = 15483 particle = gamma
file = 15484 particle = gamma
file = 15485 particle = gamma
file = 15486 particle = gamma
file = 15487 particle = gamma
file = 15488 particle = gamma
file = 15489 particle = gamma
file = 15490 particle = gamma
file = 15491 particle = gamma
file = 15492 particle = gamma
file = 15493 particle = gamma
file = 15494 particle = gamma
file = 15495 particle = gamma
file = 15496 particle = gamma
file = 15497 particle = gamma
file = 15498 particle = gamma
file = 15499 particle = gamma
file = 15500 particle = gamma
file = 15501 particle = gamma
file = 15502 particle = gamma
file = 15503 particle = gamma
file = 15504 particle = gamma
file = 15505 particle = gamma
file = 15506 particle = gamma
file = 15507 particle = neutron
file = 15508 particle = gamma
file = 15509 particle = gamma
file = 15510 particle = gamma
file = 15511 particle = gamma
file = 15512 particle = gamma
file = 15513 particle = gamma
file = 15514 particle = neutron
file = 15515 particle = gamma
file = 15516 particle = gamma
file = 15517 particle = gamma
file = 15518 particle = neutron
file = 15519 particle = gamma
file = 15520 particle = gamma
file = 15521 particle = gamma
file = 15522 particle = gamma
file = 15523 particle = gamma
file = 15524 particle = gamma
file = 15525 particle = gamma
file = 15526 particle = gamma
file = 15527 particle = gamma
file = 15528 particle = gamma
file = 15529 particle = gamma
file = 15530 particle = gamma
file = 15531 particle = gamma
file = 15532 particle = gamma
file = 15533 particle = gamma
file = 15534 particle = gamma
file = 15535 particle = neutron
file = 15536 particle = gamma
file = 15537 particle = gamma
file = 15538 particle = gamma
file = 15539 particle = gamma
file = 15540 particle = gamma
file = 15541 particle = gamma
file = 15542 particle = gamma
file = 15543 particle = gamma
file = 15544 particle = gamma
file = 15545 particle = neutron
file = 15546 particle = gamma
file = 15547 particle = gamma
file = 15548 particle = gamma
file = 15549 particle = gamma
file = 15550 particle = gamma
file = 15551 particle = gamma
file = 15552 particle = gamma
file = 15553 particle = gamma
file = 15554 particle = gamma
file = 15555 particle = gamma
file = 15556 particle = gamma
file = 15557 particle = gamma
file = 15558 particle = gamma
file = 15559 particle = gamma
file = 15560 particle = gamma
file = 15561 particle = gamma
file = 15562 particle = neutron
file = 15563 particle = gamma
file = 15564 particle = gamma
file = 15565 particle = neutron
file = 15566 particle = neutron
file = 15567 particle = neutron
file = 15568 particle = gamma
file = 15569 particle = gamma
file = 15570 particle = gamma
file = 15571 particle = neutron
file = 15572 particle = neutron
file = 15573 particle = gamma
file = 15574 particle = gamma
file = 15575 particle = gamma
file = 15576 particle = gamma
file = 15577 particle = gamma
file = 15578 particle = gamma
file = 15579 particle = gamma
file = 15580 particle = neutron
file = 15581 particle = gamma
file = 15582 particle = gamma
file = 15583 particle = gamma
file = 15584 particle = gamma
file = 15585 particle = gamma
file = 15586 particle = gamma
file = 15587 particle = gamma
file = 15588 particle = gamma
file = 15589 particle = gamma
file = 15590 particle = gamma
file = 15591 particle = gamma
file = 15592 particle = neutron
file = 15593 particle = neutron
file = 15594 particle = neutron
file = 15595 particle = gamma
file = 15596 particle = gamma
file = 15597 particle = neutron
file = 15598 particle = gamma
file = 15599 particle = gamma
file = 15600 particle = gamma
file = 15601 particle = gamma
file = 15602 particle = gamma
file = 15603 particle = gamma
file = 15604 particle = gamma
file = 15605 particle = gamma
file = 15606 particle = gamma
file = 15607 particle = neutron
file = 15608 particle = gamma
file = 15609 particle = gamma
file = 15610 particle = gamma
file = 15611 particle = gamma
file = 15612 particle = gamma
file = 15613 particle = gamma
file = 15614 particle = gamma
file = 15615 particle = gamma
file = 15616 particle = gamma
file = 15617 particle = gamma
file = 15618 particle = gamma
file = 15619 particle = gamma
file = 15620 particle = gamma
file = 15621 particle = gamma
file = 15622 particle = gamma
file = 15623 particle = gamma
file = 15624 particle = gamma
file = 15625 particle = gamma
file = 15626 particle = gamma
file = 15627 particle = gamma
file = 15628 particle = gamma
file = 15629 particle = gamma
file = 15630 particle = gamma
file = 15631 particle = gamma
file = 15632 particle = gamma
file = 15633 particle = gamma
file = 15634 particle = gamma
file = 15635 particle = neutron
file = 15636 particle = gamma
file = 15637 particle = gamma
file = 15638 particle = gamma
file = 15639 particle = gamma
file = 15640 particle = gamma
file = 15641 particle = gamma
file = 15642 particle = neutron
file = 15643 particle = gamma
file = 15644 particle = neutron
file = 15645 particle = gamma
file = 15646 particle = gamma
file = 15647 particle = gamma
file = 15648 particle = gamma
file = 15649 particle = gamma
file = 15650 particle = gamma
file = 15651 particle = neutron
file = 15652 particle = gamma
file = 15653 particle = gamma
file = 15654 particle = gamma
file = 15655 particle = gamma
file = 15656 particle = gamma
file = 15657 particle = gamma
file = 15658 particle = gamma
file = 15659 particle = neutron
file = 15660 particle = gamma
file = 15661 particle = gamma
file = 15662 particle = gamma
file = 15663 particle = gamma
file = 15664 particle = gamma
file = 15665 particle = gamma
file = 15666 particle = neutron
file = 15667 particle = neutron
file = 15668 particle = gamma
file = 15669 particle = neutron
file = 15670 particle = gamma
file = 15671 particle = gamma
file = 15672 particle = gamma
file = 15673 particle = gamma
file = 15674 particle = gamma
file = 15675 particle = gamma
file = 15676 particle = gamma
file = 15677 particle = gamma
file = 15678 particle = gamma
file = 15679 particle = neutron
file = 15680 particle = gamma
file = 15681 particle = neutron
file = 15682 particle = gamma
file = 15683 particle = gamma
file = 15684 particle = gamma
file = 15685 particle = gamma
file = 15686 particle = gamma
file = 15687 particle = gamma
file = 15688 particle = gamma
file = 15689 particle = gamma
file = 15690 particle = gamma
file = 15691 particle = gamma
file = 15692 particle = gamma
file = 15693 particle = gamma
file = 15694 particle = gamma
file = 15695 particle = gamma
file = 15696 particle = gamma
file = 15697 particle = gamma
file = 15698 particle = neutron
file = 15699 particle = gamma
file = 15700 particle = gamma
file = 15701 particle = gamma
file = 15702 particle = gamma
file = 15703 particle = gamma
file = 15704 particle = gamma
file = 15705 particle = gamma
file = 15706 particle = gamma
file = 15707 particle = gamma
file = 15708 particle = gamma
file = 15709 particle = neutron
file = 15710 particle = gamma
file = 15711 particle = gamma
file = 15712 particle = gamma
file = 15713 particle = gamma
file = 15714 particle = gamma
file = 15715 particle = gamma
file = 15716 particle = gamma
file = 15717 particle = neutron
file = 15718 particle = gamma
file = 15719 particle = gamma
file = 15720 particle = gamma
file = 15721 particle = gamma
file = 15722 particle = neutron
file = 15723 particle = gamma
file = 15724 particle = gamma
file = 15725 particle = neutron
file = 15726 particle = gamma
file = 15727 particle = neutron
file = 15728 particle = gamma
file = 15729 particle = gamma
file = 15730 particle = gamma
file = 15731 particle = gamma
file = 15732 particle = neutron
file = 15733 particle = neutron
file = 15734 particle = gamma
file = 15735 particle = gamma
file = 15736 particle = gamma
file = 15737 particle = gamma
file = 15738 particle = neutron
file = 15739 particle = gamma
file = 15740 particle = gamma
file = 15741 particle = gamma
file = 15742 particle = gamma
file = 15743 particle = gamma
file = 15744 particle = gamma
file = 15745 particle = gamma
file = 15746 particle = neutron
file = 15747 particle = neutron
file = 15748 particle = gamma
file = 15749 particle = gamma
file = 15750 particle = gamma
file = 15751 particle = gamma
file = 15752 particle = gamma
file = 15753 particle = gamma
file = 15754 particle = neutron
file = 15755 particle = gamma
file = 15756 particle = gamma
file = 15757 particle = gamma
file = 15758 particle = neutron
file = 15759 particle = gamma
file = 15760 particle = gamma
file = 15761 particle = gamma
file = 15762 particle = gamma
file = 15763 particle = gamma
file = 15764 particle = gamma
file = 15765 particle = neutron
file = 15766 particle = gamma
file = 15767 particle = gamma
file = 15768 particle = gamma
file = 15769 particle = gamma
file = 15770 particle = gamma
file = 15771 particle = gamma
file = 15772 particle = gamma
file = 15773 particle = gamma
file = 15774 particle = gamma
file = 15775 particle = neutron
file = 15776 particle = gamma
file = 15777 particle = gamma
file = 15778 particle = gamma
file = 15779 particle = gamma
file = 15780 particle = gamma
file = 15781 particle = gamma
file = 15782 particle = gamma
file = 15783 particle = neutron
file = 15784 particle = gamma
file = 15785 particle = gamma
file = 15786 particle = gamma
file = 15787 particle = gamma
file = 15788 particle = gamma
file = 15789 particle = neutron
file = 15790 particle = gamma
file = 15791 particle = gamma
file = 15792 particle = gamma
file = 15793 particle = gamma
file = 15794 particle = gamma
file = 15795 particle = gamma
file = 15796 particle = gamma
file = 15797 particle = gamma
file = 15798 particle = gamma
file = 15799 particle = neutron
file = 15800 particle = neutron
file = 15801 particle = gamma
file = 15802 particle = gamma
file = 15803 particle = gamma
file = 15804 particle = gamma
file = 15805 particle = gamma
file = 15806 particle = gamma
file = 15807 particle = gamma
file = 15808 particle = gamma
file = 15809 particle = gamma
file = 15810 particle = gamma
file = 15811 particle = neutron
file = 15812 particle = neutron
file = 15813 particle = gamma
file = 15814 particle = gamma
file = 15815 particle = gamma
file = 15816 particle = gamma
file = 15817 particle = gamma
file = 15818 particle = neutron
file = 15819 particle = gamma
file = 15820 particle = neutron
file = 15821 particle = neutron
file = 15822 particle = gamma
file = 15823 particle = gamma
file = 15824 particle = gamma
file = 15825 particle = neutron
file = 15826 particle = neutron
file = 15827 particle = gamma
file = 15828 particle = neutron
file = 15829 particle = gamma
file = 15830 particle = gamma
file = 15831 particle = neutron
file = 15832 particle = gamma
file = 15833 particle = gamma
file = 15834 particle = gamma
file = 15835 particle = gamma
file = 15836 particle = gamma
file = 15837 particle = gamma
file = 15838 particle = gamma
file = 15839 particle = gamma
file = 15840 particle = gamma
file = 15841 particle = gamma
file = 15842 particle = gamma
file = 15843 particle = gamma
file = 15844 particle = gamma
file = 15845 particle = gamma
file = 15846 particle = gamma
file = 15847 particle = gamma
file = 15848 particle = gamma
file = 15849 particle = gamma
file = 15850 particle = gamma
file = 15851 particle = gamma
file = 15852 particle = gamma
file = 15853 particle = gamma
file = 15854 particle = gamma
file = 15855 particle = gamma
file = 15856 particle = gamma
file = 15857 particle = neutron
file = 15858 particle = gamma
file = 15859 particle = neutron
file = 15860 particle = gamma
file = 15861 particle = gamma
file = 15862 particle = gamma
file = 15863 particle = neutron
file = 15864 particle = gamma
file = 15865 particle = neutron
file = 15866 particle = gamma
file = 15867 particle = gamma
file = 15868 particle = gamma
file = 15869 particle = neutron
file = 15870 particle = neutron
file = 15871 particle = gamma
file = 15872 particle = gamma
file = 15873 particle = neutron
file = 15874 particle = neutron
file = 15875 particle = gamma
file = 15876 particle = gamma
file = 15877 particle = gamma
file = 15878 particle = gamma
file = 15879 particle = gamma
file = 15880 particle = neutron
file = 15881 particle = gamma
file = 15882 particle = gamma
file = 15883 particle = neutron
file = 15884 particle = gamma
file = 15885 particle = gamma
file = 15886 particle = gamma
file = 15887 particle = gamma
file = 15888 particle = gamma
file = 15889 particle = gamma
file = 15890 particle = gamma
file = 15891 particle = gamma
file = 15892 particle = gamma
file = 15893 particle = gamma
file = 15894 particle = gamma
file = 15895 particle = gamma
file = 15896 particle = gamma
file = 15897 particle = gamma
file = 15898 particle = gamma
file = 15899 particle = neutron
file = 15900 particle = gamma
file = 15901 particle = gamma
file = 15902 particle = gamma
file = 15903 particle = gamma
file = 15904 particle = gamma
file = 15905 particle = gamma
file = 15906 particle = gamma
file = 15907 particle = gamma
file = 15908 particle = neutron
file = 15909 particle = gamma
file = 15910 particle = gamma
file = 15911 particle = gamma
file = 15912 particle = gamma
file = 15913 particle = gamma
file = 15914 particle = gamma
file = 15915 particle = gamma
file = 15916 particle = neutron
file = 15917 particle = gamma
file = 15918 particle = gamma
file = 15919 particle = gamma
file = 15920 particle = gamma
file = 15921 particle = gamma
file = 15922 particle = gamma
file = 15923 particle = neutron
file = 15924 particle = gamma
file = 15925 particle = neutron
file = 15926 particle = gamma
file = 15927 particle = gamma
file = 15928 particle = gamma
file = 15929 particle = gamma
file = 15930 particle = gamma
file = 15931 particle = gamma
file = 15932 particle = neutron
file = 15933 particle = gamma
file = 15934 particle = gamma
file = 15935 particle = gamma
file = 15936 particle = gamma
file = 15937 particle = gamma
file = 15938 particle = gamma
file = 15939 particle = gamma
file = 15940 particle = gamma
file = 15941 particle = neutron
file = 15942 particle = gamma
file = 15943 particle = gamma
file = 15944 particle = gamma
file = 15945 particle = neutron
file = 15946 particle = neutron
file = 15947 particle = gamma
file = 15948 particle = gamma
file = 15949 particle = gamma
file = 15950 particle = gamma
file = 15951 particle = gamma
file = 15952 particle = gamma
file = 15953 particle = gamma
file = 15954 particle = gamma
file = 15955 particle = gamma
file = 15956 particle = gamma
file = 15957 particle = gamma
file = 15958 particle = gamma
file = 15959 particle = gamma
file = 15960 particle = gamma
file = 15961 particle = gamma
file = 15962 particle = neutron
file = 15963 particle = gamma
file = 15964 particle = gamma
file = 15965 particle = gamma
file = 15966 particle = gamma
file = 15967 particle = gamma
file = 15968 particle = gamma
file = 15969 particle = gamma
file = 15970 particle = gamma
file = 15971 particle = neutron
file = 15972 particle = gamma
file = 15973 particle = gamma
file = 15974 particle = gamma
file = 15975 particle = gamma
file = 15976 particle = gamma
file = 15977 particle = gamma
file = 15978 particle = gamma
file = 15979 particle = gamma
file = 15980 particle = gamma
file = 15981 particle = gamma
file = 15982 particle = gamma
file = 15983 particle = gamma
file = 15984 particle = neutron
file = 15985 particle = gamma
file = 15986 particle = gamma
file = 15987 particle = gamma
file = 15988 particle = neutron
file = 15989 particle = gamma
file = 15990 particle = gamma
file = 15991 particle = gamma
file = 15992 particle = gamma
file = 15993 particle = gamma
file = 15994 particle = gamma
file = 15995 particle = gamma
file = 15996 particle = gamma
file = 15997 particle = gamma
file = 15998 particle = gamma
file = 15999 particle = gamma
file = 16000 particle = gamma
file = 16001 particle = gamma
file = 16002 particle = gamma
file = 16003 particle = gamma
file = 16004 particle = neutron
file = 16005 particle = gamma
file = 16006 particle = gamma
file = 16007 particle = gamma
file = 16008 particle = gamma
file = 16009 particle = gamma
file = 16010 particle = gamma
file = 16011 particle = gamma
file = 16012 particle = neutron
file = 16013 particle = gamma
file = 16014 particle = neutron
file = 16015 particle = gamma
file = 16016 particle = gamma
file = 16017 particle = gamma
file = 16018 particle = gamma
file = 16019 particle = gamma
file = 16020 particle = gamma
file = 16021 particle = gamma
file = 16022 particle = gamma
file = 16023 particle = gamma
file = 16024 particle = gamma
file = 16025 particle = gamma
file = 16026 particle = gamma
file = 16027 particle = gamma
file = 16028 particle = gamma
file = 16029 particle = gamma
file = 16030 particle = neutron
file = 16031 particle = gamma
file = 16032 particle = gamma
file = 16033 particle = gamma
file = 16034 particle = neutron
file = 16035 particle = gamma
file = 16036 particle = neutron
file = 16037 particle = gamma
file = 16038 particle = gamma
file = 16039 particle = gamma
file = 16040 particle = neutron
file = 16041 particle = gamma
file = 16042 particle = neutron
file = 16043 particle = neutron
file = 16044 particle = neutron
file = 16045 particle = gamma
file = 16046 particle = gamma
file = 16047 particle = gamma
file = 16048 particle = gamma
file = 16049 particle = gamma
file = 16050 particle = gamma
file = 16051 particle = gamma
file = 16052 particle = gamma
file = 16053 particle = gamma
file = 16054 particle = gamma
file = 16055 particle = gamma
file = 16056 particle = gamma
file = 16057 particle = neutron
file = 16058 particle = gamma
file = 16059 particle = gamma
file = 16060 particle = gamma
file = 16061 particle = gamma
file = 16062 particle = gamma
file = 16063 particle = gamma
file = 16064 particle = gamma
file = 16065 particle = gamma
file = 16066 particle = gamma
file = 16067 particle = gamma
file = 16068 particle = gamma
file = 16069 particle = gamma
file = 16070 particle = gamma
file = 16071 particle = gamma
file = 16072 particle = gamma
file = 16073 particle = gamma
file = 16074 particle = neutron
file = 16075 particle = gamma
file = 16076 particle = gamma
file = 16077 particle = gamma
file = 16078 particle = neutron
file = 16079 particle = neutron
file = 16080 particle = gamma
file = 16081 particle = neutron
file = 16082 particle = gamma
file = 16083 particle = gamma
file = 16084 particle = gamma
file = 16085 particle = gamma
file = 16086 particle = neutron
file = 16087 particle = gamma
file = 16088 particle = gamma
file = 16089 particle = gamma
file = 16090 particle = neutron
file = 16091 particle = gamma
file = 16092 particle = gamma
file = 16093 particle = gamma
file = 16094 particle = gamma
file = 16095 particle = gamma
file = 16096 particle = gamma
file = 16097 particle = gamma
file = 16098 particle = neutron
file = 16099 particle = gamma
file = 16100 particle = gamma
file = 16101 particle = neutron
file = 16102 particle = gamma
file = 16103 particle = gamma
file = 16104 particle = neutron
file = 16105 particle = gamma
file = 16106 particle = gamma
file = 16107 particle = gamma
file = 16108 particle = gamma
file = 16109 particle = gamma
file = 16110 particle = gamma
file = 16111 particle = gamma
file = 16112 particle = gamma
file = 16113 particle = gamma
file = 16114 particle = neutron
file = 16115 particle = gamma
file = 16116 particle = neutron
file = 16117 particle = gamma
file = 16118 particle = neutron
file = 16119 particle = gamma
file = 16120 particle = gamma
file = 16121 particle = gamma
file = 16122 particle = gamma
file = 16123 particle = gamma
file = 16124 particle = neutron
file = 16125 particle = gamma
file = 16126 particle = neutron
file = 16127 particle = neutron
file = 16128 particle = gamma
file = 16129 particle = gamma
file = 16130 particle = neutron
file = 16131 particle = gamma
file = 16132 particle = gamma
file = 16133 particle = gamma
file = 16134 particle = gamma
file = 16135 particle = gamma
file = 16136 particle = gamma
file = 16137 particle = gamma
file = 16138 particle = gamma
file = 16139 particle = gamma
file = 16140 particle = gamma
file = 16141 particle = neutron
file = 16142 particle = gamma
file = 16143 particle = neutron
file = 16144 particle = gamma
file = 16145 particle = gamma
file = 16146 particle = gamma
file = 16147 particle = gamma
file = 16148 particle = gamma
file = 16149 particle = gamma
file = 16150 particle = gamma
file = 16151 particle = gamma
file = 16152 particle = gamma
file = 16153 particle = gamma
file = 16154 particle = gamma
file = 16155 particle = neutron
file = 16156 particle = gamma
file = 16157 particle = gamma
file = 16158 particle = neutron
file = 16159 particle = gamma
file = 16160 particle = neutron
file = 16161 particle = gamma
file = 16162 particle = gamma
file = 16163 particle = neutron
file = 16164 particle = gamma
file = 16165 particle = gamma
file = 16166 particle = gamma
file = 16167 particle = gamma
file = 16168 particle = gamma
file = 16169 particle = gamma
file = 16170 particle = gamma
file = 16171 particle = gamma
file = 16172 particle = gamma
file = 16173 particle = gamma
file = 16174 particle = gamma
file = 16175 particle = gamma
file = 16176 particle = gamma
file = 16177 particle = gamma
file = 16178 particle = gamma
file = 16179 particle = gamma
file = 16180 particle = gamma
file = 16181 particle = gamma
file = 16182 particle = gamma
file = 16183 particle = gamma
file = 16184 particle = gamma
file = 16185 particle = neutron
file = 16186 particle = neutron
file = 16187 particle = gamma
file = 16188 particle = gamma
file = 16189 particle = gamma
file = 16190 particle = gamma
file = 16191 particle = neutron
file = 16192 particle = gamma
file = 16193 particle = gamma
file = 16194 particle = gamma
file = 16195 particle = gamma
file = 16196 particle = gamma
file = 16197 particle = gamma
file = 16198 particle = gamma
file = 16199 particle = gamma
file = 16200 particle = neutron
file = 16201 particle = gamma
file = 16202 particle = gamma
file = 16203 particle = gamma
file = 16204 particle = neutron
file = 16205 particle = gamma
file = 16206 particle = gamma
file = 16207 particle = gamma
file = 16208 particle = gamma
file = 16209 particle = gamma
file = 16210 particle = gamma
file = 16211 particle = gamma
file = 16212 particle = neutron
file = 16213 particle = gamma
file = 16214 particle = gamma
file = 16215 particle = gamma
file = 16216 particle = gamma
file = 16217 particle = gamma
file = 16218 particle = gamma
file = 16219 particle = gamma
file = 16220 particle = gamma
file = 16221 particle = neutron
file = 16222 particle = neutron
file = 16223 particle = gamma
file = 16224 particle = gamma
file = 16225 particle = gamma
file = 16226 particle = gamma
file = 16227 particle = gamma
file = 16228 particle = gamma
file = 16229 particle = gamma
file = 16230 particle = gamma
file = 16231 particle = gamma
file = 16232 particle = gamma
file = 16233 particle = gamma
file = 16234 particle = neutron
file = 16235 particle = gamma
file = 16236 particle = gamma
file = 16237 particle = gamma
file = 16238 particle = neutron
file = 16239 particle = neutron
file = 16240 particle = gamma
file = 16241 particle = neutron
file = 16242 particle = neutron
file = 16243 particle = gamma
file = 16244 particle = gamma
file = 16245 particle = gamma
file = 16246 particle = gamma
file = 16247 particle = gamma
file = 16248 particle = gamma
file = 16249 particle = gamma
file = 16250 particle = gamma
file = 16251 particle = neutron
file = 16252 particle = gamma
file = 16253 particle = gamma
file = 16254 particle = gamma
file = 16255 particle = gamma
file = 16256 particle = gamma
file = 16257 particle = gamma
file = 16258 particle = gamma
file = 16259 particle = gamma
file = 16260 particle = gamma
file = 16261 particle = gamma
file = 16262 particle = gamma
file = 16263 particle = gamma
file = 16264 particle = gamma
file = 16265 particle = gamma
file = 16266 particle = neutron
file = 16267 particle = gamma
file = 16268 particle = gamma
file = 16269 particle = neutron
file = 16270 particle = gamma
file = 16271 particle = gamma
file = 16272 particle = gamma
file = 16273 particle = gamma
file = 16274 particle = gamma
file = 16275 particle = gamma
file = 16276 particle = gamma
file = 16277 particle = gamma
file = 16278 particle = gamma
file = 16279 particle = gamma
file = 16280 particle = gamma
file = 16281 particle = gamma
file = 16282 particle = gamma
file = 16283 particle = gamma
file = 16284 particle = gamma
file = 16285 particle = gamma
file = 16286 particle = gamma
file = 16287 particle = gamma
file = 16288 particle = neutron
file = 16289 particle = gamma
file = 16290 particle = gamma
file = 16291 particle = gamma
file = 16292 particle = gamma
file = 16293 particle = gamma
file = 16294 particle = gamma
file = 16295 particle = neutron
file = 16296 particle = gamma
file = 16297 particle = gamma
file = 16298 particle = gamma
file = 16299 particle = gamma
file = 16300 particle = gamma
file = 16301 particle = gamma
file = 16302 particle = neutron
file = 16303 particle = gamma
file = 16304 particle = gamma
file = 16305 particle = gamma
file = 16306 particle = gamma
file = 16307 particle = gamma
file = 16308 particle = gamma
file = 16309 particle = gamma
file = 16310 particle = gamma
file = 16311 particle = gamma
file = 16312 particle = gamma
file = 16313 particle = gamma
file = 16314 particle = neutron
file = 16315 particle = gamma
file = 16316 particle = gamma
file = 16317 particle = gamma
file = 16318 particle = gamma
file = 16319 particle = gamma
file = 16320 particle = gamma
file = 16321 particle = gamma
file = 16322 particle = gamma
file = 16323 particle = gamma
file = 16324 particle = neutron
file = 16325 particle = gamma
file = 16326 particle = gamma
file = 16327 particle = neutron
file = 16328 particle = neutron
file = 16329 particle = gamma
file = 16330 particle = gamma
file = 16331 particle = gamma
file = 16332 particle = gamma
file = 16333 particle = gamma
file = 16334 particle = gamma
file = 16335 particle = gamma
file = 16336 particle = gamma
file = 16337 particle = neutron
file = 16338 particle = neutron
file = 16339 particle = gamma
file = 16340 particle = gamma
file = 16341 particle = gamma
file = 16342 particle = neutron
file = 16343 particle = gamma
file = 16344 particle = gamma
file = 16345 particle = gamma
file = 16346 particle = gamma
file = 16347 particle = gamma
file = 16348 particle = gamma
file = 16349 particle = gamma
file = 16350 particle = gamma
file = 16351 particle = gamma
file = 16352 particle = gamma
file = 16353 particle = gamma
file = 16354 particle = gamma
file = 16355 particle = gamma
file = 16356 particle = gamma
file = 16357 particle = gamma
file = 16358 particle = gamma
file = 16359 particle = gamma
file = 16360 particle = neutron
file = 16361 particle = gamma
file = 16362 particle = gamma
file = 16363 particle = neutron
file = 16364 particle = gamma
file = 16365 particle = gamma
file = 16366 particle = gamma
file = 16367 particle = neutron
file = 16368 particle = gamma
file = 16369 particle = gamma
file = 16370 particle = gamma
file = 16371 particle = gamma
file = 16372 particle = gamma
file = 16373 particle = gamma
file = 16374 particle = gamma
file = 16375 particle = gamma
file = 16376 particle = gamma
file = 16377 particle = neutron
file = 16378 particle = gamma
file = 16379 particle = gamma
file = 16380 particle = neutron
file = 16381 particle = gamma
file = 16382 particle = gamma
file = 16383 particle = gamma
file = 16384 particle = gamma
file = 16385 particle = gamma
file = 16386 particle = gamma
file = 16387 particle = gamma
file = 16388 particle = gamma
file = 16389 particle = gamma
file = 16390 particle = gamma
file = 16391 particle = gamma
file = 16392 particle = neutron
file = 16393 particle = gamma
file = 16394 particle = gamma
file = 16395 particle = gamma
file = 16396 particle = gamma
file = 16397 particle = gamma
file = 16398 particle = gamma
file = 16399 particle = gamma
file = 16400 particle = gamma
file = 16401 particle = gamma
file = 16402 particle = gamma
file = 16403 particle = gamma
file = 16404 particle = gamma
file = 16405 particle = gamma
file = 16406 particle = gamma
file = 16407 particle = gamma
file = 16408 particle = gamma
file = 16409 particle = gamma
file = 16410 particle = neutron
file = 16411 particle = gamma
file = 16412 particle = gamma
file = 16413 particle = gamma
file = 16414 particle = gamma
file = 16415 particle = neutron
file = 16416 particle = gamma
file = 16417 particle = gamma
file = 16418 particle = gamma
file = 16419 particle = gamma
file = 16420 particle = gamma
file = 16421 particle = gamma
file = 16422 particle = gamma
file = 16423 particle = gamma
file = 16424 particle = neutron
file = 16425 particle = gamma
file = 16426 particle = gamma
file = 16427 particle = gamma
file = 16428 particle = gamma
file = 16429 particle = gamma
file = 16430 particle = neutron
file = 16431 particle = gamma
file = 16432 particle = gamma
file = 16433 particle = gamma
file = 16434 particle = gamma
file = 16435 particle = gamma
file = 16436 particle = gamma
file = 16437 particle = gamma
file = 16438 particle = gamma
file = 16439 particle = neutron
file = 16440 particle = gamma
file = 16441 particle = gamma
file = 16442 particle = gamma
file = 16443 particle = gamma
file = 16444 particle = gamma
file = 16445 particle = gamma
file = 16446 particle = gamma
file = 16447 particle = gamma
file = 16448 particle = gamma
file = 16449 particle = gamma
file = 16450 particle = gamma
file = 16451 particle = gamma
file = 16452 particle = gamma
file = 16453 particle = gamma
file = 16454 particle = gamma
file = 16455 particle = gamma
file = 16456 particle = gamma
file = 16457 particle = gamma
file = 16458 particle = neutron
file = 16459 particle = gamma
file = 16460 particle = gamma
file = 16461 particle = gamma
file = 16462 particle = gamma
file = 16463 particle = gamma
file = 16464 particle = gamma
file = 16465 particle = gamma
file = 16466 particle = gamma
file = 16467 particle = gamma
file = 16468 particle = gamma
file = 16469 particle = gamma
file = 16470 particle = gamma
file = 16471 particle = gamma
file = 16472 particle = neutron
file = 16473 particle = neutron
file = 16474 particle = gamma
file = 16475 particle = gamma
file = 16476 particle = neutron
file = 16477 particle = gamma
file = 16478 particle = gamma
file = 16479 particle = gamma
file = 16480 particle = gamma
file = 16481 particle = gamma
file = 16482 particle = gamma
file = 16483 particle = gamma
file = 16484 particle = neutron
file = 16485 particle = gamma
file = 16486 particle = gamma
file = 16487 particle = gamma
file = 16488 particle = gamma
file = 16489 particle = gamma
file = 16490 particle = gamma
file = 16491 particle = gamma
file = 16492 particle = gamma
file = 16493 particle = gamma
file = 16494 particle = gamma
file = 16495 particle = neutron
file = 16496 particle = gamma
file = 16497 particle = neutron
file = 16498 particle = gamma
file = 16499 particle = gamma
file = 16500 particle = gamma
file = 16501 particle = neutron
file = 16502 particle = gamma
file = 16503 particle = gamma
file = 16504 particle = gamma
file = 16505 particle = gamma
file = 16506 particle = gamma
file = 16507 particle = gamma
file = 16508 particle = neutron
file = 16509 particle = gamma
file = 16510 particle = gamma
file = 16511 particle = gamma
file = 16512 particle = gamma
file = 16513 particle = gamma
file = 16514 particle = gamma
file = 16515 particle = neutron
file = 16516 particle = gamma
file = 16517 particle = gamma
file = 16518 particle = gamma
file = 16519 particle = gamma
file = 16520 particle = gamma
file = 16521 particle = gamma
file = 16522 particle = gamma
file = 16523 particle = gamma
file = 16524 particle = gamma
file = 16525 particle = gamma
file = 16526 particle = gamma
file = 16527 particle = gamma
file = 16528 particle = gamma
file = 16529 particle = gamma
file = 16530 particle = gamma
file = 16531 particle = gamma
file = 16532 particle = gamma
file = 16533 particle = gamma
file = 16534 particle = gamma
file = 16535 particle = gamma
file = 16536 particle = gamma
file = 16537 particle = gamma
file = 16538 particle = gamma
file = 16539 particle = gamma
file = 16540 particle = gamma
file = 16541 particle = neutron
file = 16542 particle = gamma
file = 16543 particle = gamma
file = 16544 particle = gamma
file = 16545 particle = gamma
file = 16546 particle = neutron
file = 16547 particle = gamma
file = 16548 particle = neutron
file = 16549 particle = gamma
file = 16550 particle = gamma
file = 16551 particle = neutron
file = 16552 particle = gamma
file = 16553 particle = gamma
file = 16554 particle = gamma
file = 16555 particle = neutron
file = 16556 particle = gamma
file = 16557 particle = neutron
file = 16558 particle = neutron
file = 16559 particle = gamma
file = 16560 particle = gamma
file = 16561 particle = gamma
file = 16562 particle = gamma
file = 16563 particle = gamma
file = 16564 particle = neutron
file = 16565 particle = gamma
file = 16566 particle = gamma
file = 16567 particle = gamma
file = 16568 particle = gamma
file = 16569 particle = gamma
file = 16570 particle = gamma
file = 16571 particle = gamma
file = 16572 particle = gamma
file = 16573 particle = neutron
file = 16574 particle = neutron
file = 16575 particle = gamma
file = 16576 particle = gamma
file = 16577 particle = gamma
file = 16578 particle = gamma
file = 16579 particle = gamma
file = 16580 particle = gamma
file = 16581 particle = gamma
file = 16582 particle = gamma
file = 16583 particle = gamma
file = 16584 particle = gamma
file = 16585 particle = neutron
file = 16586 particle = gamma
file = 16587 particle = gamma
file = 16588 particle = gamma
file = 16589 particle = gamma
file = 16590 particle = gamma
file = 16591 particle = gamma
file = 16592 particle = gamma
file = 16593 particle = gamma
file = 16594 particle = gamma
file = 16595 particle = gamma
file = 16596 particle = gamma
file = 16597 particle = gamma
file = 16598 particle = gamma
file = 16599 particle = gamma
file = 16600 particle = gamma
file = 16601 particle = neutron
file = 16602 particle = neutron
file = 16603 particle = gamma
file = 16604 particle = gamma
file = 16605 particle = gamma
file = 16606 particle = gamma
file = 16607 particle = gamma
file = 16608 particle = gamma
file = 16609 particle = gamma
file = 16610 particle = gamma
file = 16611 particle = gamma
file = 16612 particle = gamma
file = 16613 particle = gamma
file = 16614 particle = gamma
file = 16615 particle = gamma
file = 16616 particle = gamma
file = 16617 particle = gamma
file = 16618 particle = gamma
file = 16619 particle = gamma
file = 16620 particle = gamma
file = 16621 particle = gamma
file = 16622 particle = gamma
file = 16623 particle = gamma
file = 16624 particle = gamma
file = 16625 particle = gamma
file = 16626 particle = gamma
file = 16627 particle = gamma
file = 16628 particle = neutron
file = 16629 particle = gamma
file = 16630 particle = gamma
file = 16631 particle = gamma
file = 16632 particle = gamma
file = 16633 particle = neutron
file = 16634 particle = gamma
file = 16635 particle = neutron
file = 16636 particle = gamma
file = 16637 particle = gamma
file = 16638 particle = gamma
file = 16639 particle = gamma
file = 16640 particle = gamma
file = 16641 particle = gamma
file = 16642 particle = gamma
file = 16643 particle = gamma
file = 16644 particle = gamma
file = 16645 particle = neutron
file = 16646 particle = gamma
file = 16647 particle = gamma
file = 16648 particle = gamma
file = 16649 particle = neutron
file = 16650 particle = gamma
file = 16651 particle = gamma
file = 16652 particle = gamma
file = 16653 particle = neutron
file = 16654 particle = gamma
file = 16655 particle = gamma
file = 16656 particle = gamma
file = 16657 particle = gamma
file = 16658 particle = gamma
file = 16659 particle = gamma
file = 16660 particle = neutron
file = 16661 particle = gamma
file = 16662 particle = gamma
file = 16663 particle = gamma
file = 16664 particle = gamma
file = 16665 particle = gamma
file = 16666 particle = gamma
file = 16667 particle = gamma
file = 16668 particle = neutron
file = 16669 particle = gamma
file = 16670 particle = gamma
file = 16671 particle = neutron
file = 16672 particle = gamma
file = 16673 particle = gamma
file = 16674 particle = gamma
file = 16675 particle = neutron
file = 16676 particle = gamma
file = 16677 particle = gamma
file = 16678 particle = gamma
file = 16679 particle = gamma
file = 16680 particle = gamma
file = 16681 particle = gamma
file = 16682 particle = gamma
file = 16683 particle = gamma
file = 16684 particle = gamma
file = 16685 particle = gamma
file = 16686 particle = gamma
file = 16687 particle = gamma
file = 16688 particle = gamma
file = 16689 particle = gamma
file = 16690 particle = gamma
file = 16691 particle = gamma
file = 16692 particle = gamma
file = 16693 particle = gamma
file = 16694 particle = neutron
file = 16695 particle = gamma
file = 16696 particle = gamma
file = 16697 particle = gamma
file = 16698 particle = gamma
file = 16699 particle = gamma
file = 16700 particle = gamma
file = 16701 particle = gamma
file = 16702 particle = gamma
file = 16703 particle = gamma
file = 16704 particle = gamma
file = 16705 particle = gamma
file = 16706 particle = gamma
file = 16707 particle = gamma
file = 16708 particle = neutron
file = 16709 particle = gamma
file = 16710 particle = neutron
file = 16711 particle = gamma
file = 16712 particle = neutron
file = 16713 particle = gamma
file = 16714 particle = gamma
file = 16715 particle = gamma
file = 16716 particle = gamma
file = 16717 particle = gamma
file = 16718 particle = gamma
file = 16719 particle = gamma
file = 16720 particle = gamma
file = 16721 particle = gamma
file = 16722 particle = gamma
file = 16723 particle = gamma
file = 16724 particle = gamma
file = 16725 particle = gamma
file = 16726 particle = gamma
file = 16727 particle = gamma
file = 16728 particle = neutron
file = 16729 particle = gamma
file = 16730 particle = neutron
file = 16731 particle = gamma
file = 16732 particle = gamma
file = 16733 particle = gamma
file = 16734 particle = gamma
file = 16735 particle = neutron
file = 16736 particle = gamma
file = 16737 particle = gamma
file = 16738 particle = gamma
file = 16739 particle = gamma
file = 16740 particle = gamma
file = 16741 particle = gamma
file = 16742 particle = gamma
file = 16743 particle = gamma
file = 16744 particle = gamma
file = 16745 particle = gamma
file = 16746 particle = gamma
file = 16747 particle = gamma
file = 16748 particle = gamma
file = 16749 particle = neutron
file = 16750 particle = gamma
file = 16751 particle = gamma
file = 16752 particle = gamma
file = 16753 particle = gamma
file = 16754 particle = gamma
file = 16755 particle = neutron
file = 16756 particle = gamma
file = 16757 particle = gamma
file = 16758 particle = gamma
file = 16759 particle = gamma
file = 16760 particle = neutron
file = 16761 particle = gamma
file = 16762 particle = gamma
file = 16763 particle = gamma
file = 16764 particle = gamma
file = 16765 particle = gamma
file = 16766 particle = gamma
file = 16767 particle = gamma
file = 16768 particle = neutron
file = 16769 particle = gamma
file = 16770 particle = gamma
file = 16771 particle = gamma
file = 16772 particle = gamma
file = 16773 particle = gamma
file = 16774 particle = gamma
file = 16775 particle = gamma
file = 16776 particle = gamma
file = 16777 particle = gamma
file = 16778 particle = gamma
file = 16779 particle = gamma
file = 16780 particle = gamma
file = 16781 particle = gamma
file = 16782 particle = gamma
file = 16783 particle = neutron
file = 16784 particle = gamma
file = 16785 particle = gamma
file = 16786 particle = gamma
file = 16787 particle = gamma
file = 16788 particle = gamma
file = 16789 particle = gamma
file = 16790 particle = gamma
file = 16791 particle = gamma
file = 16792 particle = gamma
file = 16793 particle = gamma
file = 16794 particle = gamma
file = 16795 particle = neutron
file = 16796 particle = gamma
file = 16797 particle = gamma
file = 16798 particle = gamma
file = 16799 particle = gamma
file = 16800 particle = gamma
file = 16801 particle = neutron
file = 16802 particle = neutron
file = 16803 particle = gamma
file = 16804 particle = gamma
file = 16805 particle = neutron
file = 16806 particle = gamma
file = 16807 particle = gamma
file = 16808 particle = gamma
file = 16809 particle = gamma
file = 16810 particle = gamma
file = 16811 particle = gamma
file = 16812 particle = gamma
file = 16813 particle = neutron
file = 16814 particle = neutron
file = 16815 particle = gamma
file = 16816 particle = gamma
file = 16817 particle = gamma
file = 16818 particle = gamma
file = 16819 particle = gamma
file = 16820 particle = gamma
file = 16821 particle = gamma
file = 16822 particle = gamma
file = 16823 particle = gamma
file = 16824 particle = gamma
file = 16825 particle = gamma
file = 16826 particle = gamma
file = 16827 particle = gamma
file = 16828 particle = gamma
file = 16829 particle = neutron
file = 16830 particle = gamma
file = 16831 particle = gamma
file = 16832 particle = gamma
file = 16833 particle = gamma
file = 16834 particle = neutron
file = 16835 particle = gamma
file = 16836 particle = neutron
file = 16837 particle = neutron
file = 16838 particle = gamma
file = 16839 particle = gamma
file = 16840 particle = neutron
file = 16841 particle = gamma
file = 16842 particle = gamma
file = 16843 particle = gamma
file = 16844 particle = gamma
file = 16845 particle = gamma
file = 16846 particle = gamma
file = 16847 particle = gamma
file = 16848 particle = gamma
file = 16849 particle = gamma
file = 16850 particle = neutron
file = 16851 particle = gamma
file = 16852 particle = gamma
file = 16853 particle = gamma
file = 16854 particle = gamma
file = 16855 particle = gamma
file = 16856 particle = gamma
file = 16857 particle = gamma
file = 16858 particle = gamma
file = 16859 particle = gamma
file = 16860 particle = gamma
file = 16861 particle = gamma
file = 16862 particle = gamma
file = 16863 particle = gamma
file = 16864 particle = gamma
file = 16865 particle = neutron
file = 16866 particle = gamma
file = 16867 particle = neutron
file = 16868 particle = gamma
file = 16869 particle = neutron
file = 16870 particle = gamma
file = 16871 particle = neutron
file = 16872 particle = gamma
file = 16873 particle = gamma
file = 16874 particle = gamma
file = 16875 particle = gamma
file = 16876 particle = gamma
file = 16877 particle = neutron
file = 16878 particle = gamma
file = 16879 particle = gamma
file = 16880 particle = gamma
file = 16881 particle = gamma
file = 16882 particle = gamma
file = 16883 particle = gamma
file = 16884 particle = gamma
file = 16885 particle = gamma
file = 16886 particle = gamma
file = 16887 particle = gamma
file = 16888 particle = neutron
file = 16889 particle = gamma
file = 16890 particle = gamma
file = 16891 particle = neutron
file = 16892 particle = neutron
file = 16893 particle = gamma
file = 16894 particle = neutron
file = 16895 particle = neutron
file = 16896 particle = gamma
file = 16897 particle = gamma
file = 16898 particle = neutron
file = 16899 particle = gamma
file = 16900 particle = gamma
file = 16901 particle = gamma
file = 16902 particle = gamma
file = 16903 particle = gamma
file = 16904 particle = gamma
file = 16905 particle = gamma
file = 16906 particle = gamma
file = 16907 particle = gamma
file = 16908 particle = neutron
file = 16909 particle = gamma
file = 16910 particle = neutron
file = 16911 particle = gamma
file = 16912 particle = gamma
file = 16913 particle = gamma
file = 16914 particle = neutron
file = 16915 particle = gamma
file = 16916 particle = gamma
file = 16917 particle = neutron
file = 16918 particle = gamma
file = 16919 particle = gamma
file = 16920 particle = gamma
file = 16921 particle = gamma
file = 16922 particle = neutron
file = 16923 particle = neutron
file = 16924 particle = gamma
file = 16925 particle = gamma
file = 16926 particle = gamma
file = 16927 particle = gamma
file = 16928 particle = gamma
file = 16929 particle = gamma
file = 16930 particle = gamma
file = 16931 particle = gamma
file = 16932 particle = gamma
file = 16933 particle = gamma
file = 16934 particle = gamma
file = 16935 particle = gamma
file = 16936 particle = gamma
file = 16937 particle = neutron
file = 16938 particle = gamma
file = 16939 particle = gamma
file = 16940 particle = gamma
file = 16941 particle = gamma
file = 16942 particle = gamma
file = 16943 particle = neutron
file = 16944 particle = gamma
file = 16945 particle = gamma
file = 16946 particle = gamma
file = 16947 particle = gamma
file = 16948 particle = gamma
file = 16949 particle = gamma
file = 16950 particle = gamma
file = 16951 particle = gamma
file = 16952 particle = gamma
file = 16953 particle = gamma
file = 16954 particle = gamma
file = 16955 particle = gamma
file = 16956 particle = gamma
file = 16957 particle = neutron
file = 16958 particle = gamma
file = 16959 particle = gamma
file = 16960 particle = gamma
file = 16961 particle = neutron
file = 16962 particle = neutron
file = 16963 particle = gamma
file = 16964 particle = neutron
file = 16965 particle = gamma
file = 16966 particle = gamma
file = 16967 particle = neutron
file = 16968 particle = gamma
file = 16969 particle = gamma
file = 16970 particle = gamma
file = 16971 particle = neutron
file = 16972 particle = gamma
file = 16973 particle = neutron
file = 16974 particle = gamma
file = 16975 particle = gamma
file = 16976 particle = gamma
file = 16977 particle = gamma
file = 16978 particle = gamma
file = 16979 particle = gamma
file = 16980 particle = gamma
file = 16981 particle = neutron
file = 16982 particle = neutron
file = 16983 particle = gamma
file = 16984 particle = gamma
file = 16985 particle = gamma
file = 16986 particle = neutron
file = 16987 particle = neutron
file = 16988 particle = gamma
file = 16989 particle = gamma
file = 16990 particle = gamma
file = 16991 particle = gamma
file = 16992 particle = gamma
file = 16993 particle = gamma
file = 16994 particle = gamma
file = 16995 particle = neutron
file = 16996 particle = gamma
file = 16997 particle = gamma
file = 16998 particle = neutron
file = 16999 particle = gamma
file = 17000 particle = gamma
file = 17001 particle = gamma
file = 17002 particle = gamma
file = 17003 particle = gamma
file = 17004 particle = gamma
file = 17005 particle = gamma
file = 17006 particle = gamma
file = 17007 particle = gamma
file = 17008 particle = gamma
file = 17009 particle = gamma
file = 17010 particle = neutron
file = 17011 particle = neutron
file = 17012 particle = gamma
file = 17013 particle = gamma
file = 17014 particle = gamma
file = 17015 particle = neutron
file = 17016 particle = gamma
file = 17017 particle = neutron
file = 17018 particle = gamma
file = 17019 particle = gamma
file = 17020 particle = gamma
file = 17021 particle = neutron
file = 17022 particle = gamma
file = 17023 particle = gamma
file = 17024 particle = neutron
file = 17025 particle = gamma
file = 17026 particle = gamma
file = 17027 particle = gamma
file = 17028 particle = neutron
file = 17029 particle = gamma
file = 17030 particle = gamma
file = 17031 particle = gamma
file = 17032 particle = gamma
file = 17033 particle = gamma
file = 17034 particle = gamma
file = 17035 particle = gamma
file = 17036 particle = neutron
file = 17037 particle = gamma
file = 17038 particle = gamma
file = 17039 particle = gamma
file = 17040 particle = neutron
file = 17041 particle = gamma
file = 17042 particle = gamma
file = 17043 particle = gamma
file = 17044 particle = gamma
file = 17045 particle = neutron
file = 17046 particle = gamma
file = 17047 particle = gamma
file = 17048 particle = gamma
file = 17049 particle = neutron
file = 17050 particle = gamma
file = 17051 particle = gamma
file = 17052 particle = neutron
file = 17053 particle = gamma
file = 17054 particle = gamma
file = 17055 particle = gamma
file = 17056 particle = neutron
file = 17057 particle = gamma
file = 17058 particle = neutron
file = 17059 particle = neutron
file = 17060 particle = gamma
file = 17061 particle = gamma
file = 17062 particle = gamma
file = 17063 particle = gamma
file = 17064 particle = neutron
file = 17065 particle = gamma
file = 17066 particle = gamma
file = 17067 particle = neutron
file = 17068 particle = gamma
file = 17069 particle = gamma
file = 17070 particle = gamma
file = 17071 particle = gamma
file = 17072 particle = gamma
file = 17073 particle = neutron
file = 17074 particle = gamma
file = 17075 particle = neutron
file = 17076 particle = gamma
file = 17077 particle = gamma
file = 17078 particle = gamma
file = 17079 particle = gamma
file = 17080 particle = gamma
file = 17081 particle = gamma
file = 17082 particle = gamma
file = 17083 particle = gamma
file = 17084 particle = gamma
file = 17085 particle = gamma
file = 17086 particle = gamma
file = 17087 particle = gamma
file = 17088 particle = gamma
file = 17089 particle = neutron
file = 17090 particle = gamma
file = 17091 particle = gamma
file = 17092 particle = gamma
file = 17093 particle = gamma
file = 17094 particle = neutron
file = 17095 particle = gamma
file = 17096 particle = gamma
file = 17097 particle = gamma
file = 17098 particle = neutron
file = 17099 particle = gamma
file = 17100 particle = gamma
file = 17101 particle = gamma
file = 17102 particle = gamma
file = 17103 particle = gamma
file = 17104 particle = gamma
file = 17105 particle = gamma
file = 17106 particle = gamma
file = 17107 particle = gamma
file = 17108 particle = gamma
file = 17109 particle = gamma
file = 17110 particle = gamma
file = 17111 particle = gamma
file = 17112 particle = gamma
file = 17113 particle = gamma
file = 17114 particle = gamma
file = 17115 particle = gamma
file = 17116 particle = gamma
file = 17117 particle = gamma
file = 17118 particle = gamma
file = 17119 particle = gamma
file = 17120 particle = gamma
file = 17121 particle = gamma
file = 17122 particle = gamma
file = 17123 particle = gamma
file = 17124 particle = gamma
file = 17125 particle = gamma
file = 17126 particle = gamma
file = 17127 particle = gamma
file = 17128 particle = gamma
file = 17129 particle = gamma
file = 17130 particle = gamma
file = 17131 particle = gamma
file = 17132 particle = gamma
file = 17133 particle = gamma
file = 17134 particle = gamma
file = 17135 particle = gamma
file = 17136 particle = gamma
file = 17137 particle = gamma
file = 17138 particle = gamma
file = 17139 particle = gamma
file = 17140 particle = gamma
file = 17141 particle = gamma
file = 17142 particle = gamma
file = 17143 particle = gamma
file = 17144 particle = gamma
file = 17145 particle = gamma
file = 17146 particle = gamma
file = 17147 particle = gamma
file = 17148 particle = gamma
file = 17149 particle = gamma
file = 17150 particle = gamma
file = 17151 particle = gamma
file = 17152 particle = gamma
file = 17153 particle = gamma
file = 17154 particle = gamma
file = 17155 particle = gamma
file = 17156 particle = gamma
file = 17157 particle = gamma
file = 17158 particle = gamma
file = 17159 particle = gamma
file = 17160 particle = gamma
file = 17161 particle = neutron
file = 17162 particle = gamma
file = 17163 particle = gamma
file = 17164 particle = neutron
file = 17165 particle = gamma
file = 17166 particle = gamma
file = 17167 particle = gamma
file = 17168 particle = gamma
file = 17169 particle = gamma
file = 17170 particle = gamma
file = 17171 particle = gamma
file = 17172 particle = gamma
file = 17173 particle = gamma
file = 17174 particle = neutron
file = 17175 particle = gamma
file = 17176 particle = gamma
file = 17177 particle = gamma
file = 17178 particle = gamma
file = 17179 particle = gamma
file = 17180 particle = gamma
file = 17181 particle = gamma
file = 17182 particle = gamma
file = 17183 particle = neutron
file = 17184 particle = gamma
file = 17185 particle = gamma
file = 17186 particle = neutron
file = 17187 particle = gamma
file = 17188 particle = gamma
file = 17189 particle = neutron
file = 17190 particle = neutron
file = 17191 particle = gamma
file = 17192 particle = gamma
file = 17193 particle = gamma
file = 17194 particle = gamma
file = 17195 particle = gamma
file = 17196 particle = gamma
file = 17197 particle = gamma
file = 17198 particle = gamma
file = 17199 particle = gamma
file = 17200 particle = gamma
file = 17201 particle = gamma
file = 17202 particle = neutron
file = 17203 particle = gamma
file = 17204 particle = gamma
file = 17205 particle = gamma
file = 17206 particle = gamma
file = 17207 particle = gamma
file = 17208 particle = gamma
file = 17209 particle = neutron
file = 17210 particle = gamma
file = 17211 particle = gamma
file = 17212 particle = gamma
file = 17213 particle = gamma
file = 17214 particle = gamma
file = 17215 particle = gamma
file = 17216 particle = gamma
file = 17217 particle = gamma
file = 17218 particle = gamma
file = 17219 particle = gamma
file = 17220 particle = gamma
file = 17221 particle = gamma
file = 17222 particle = neutron
file = 17223 particle = gamma
file = 17224 particle = gamma
file = 17225 particle = neutron
file = 17226 particle = gamma
file = 17227 particle = gamma
file = 17228 particle = gamma
file = 17229 particle = gamma
file = 17230 particle = neutron
file = 17231 particle = gamma
file = 17232 particle = neutron
file = 17233 particle = gamma
file = 17234 particle = neutron
file = 17235 particle = gamma
file = 17236 particle = gamma
file = 17237 particle = gamma
file = 17238 particle = gamma
file = 17239 particle = neutron
file = 17240 particle = gamma
file = 17241 particle = gamma
file = 17242 particle = gamma
file = 17243 particle = neutron
file = 17244 particle = gamma
file = 17245 particle = gamma
file = 17246 particle = gamma
file = 17247 particle = gamma
file = 17248 particle = gamma
file = 17249 particle = gamma
file = 17250 particle = gamma
file = 17251 particle = gamma
file = 17252 particle = gamma
file = 17253 particle = gamma
file = 17254 particle = gamma
file = 17255 particle = neutron
file = 17256 particle = gamma
file = 17257 particle = gamma
file = 17258 particle = neutron
file = 17259 particle = gamma
file = 17260 particle = gamma
file = 17261 particle = neutron
file = 17262 particle = gamma
file = 17263 particle = gamma
file = 17264 particle = gamma
file = 17265 particle = gamma
file = 17266 particle = gamma
file = 17267 particle = gamma
file = 17268 particle = gamma
file = 17269 particle = gamma
file = 17270 particle = gamma
file = 17271 particle = gamma
file = 17272 particle = gamma
file = 17273 particle = neutron
file = 17274 particle = neutron
file = 17275 particle = gamma
file = 17276 particle = gamma
file = 17277 particle = gamma
file = 17278 particle = gamma
file = 17279 particle = gamma
file = 17280 particle = gamma
file = 17281 particle = gamma
file = 17282 particle = gamma
file = 17283 particle = gamma
file = 17284 particle = neutron
file = 17285 particle = gamma
file = 17286 particle = gamma
file = 17287 particle = neutron
file = 17288 particle = gamma
file = 17289 particle = gamma
file = 17290 particle = gamma
file = 17291 particle = gamma
file = 17292 particle = gamma
file = 17293 particle = gamma
file = 17294 particle = neutron
file = 17295 particle = gamma
file = 17296 particle = gamma
file = 17297 particle = gamma
file = 17298 particle = gamma
file = 17299 particle = gamma
file = 17300 particle = neutron
file = 17301 particle = gamma
file = 17302 particle = gamma
file = 17303 particle = gamma
file = 17304 particle = gamma
file = 17305 particle = neutron
file = 17306 particle = neutron
file = 17307 particle = neutron
file = 17308 particle = gamma
file = 17309 particle = gamma
file = 17310 particle = gamma
file = 17311 particle = gamma
file = 17312 particle = gamma
file = 17313 particle = gamma
file = 17314 particle = neutron
file = 17315 particle = gamma
file = 17316 particle = gamma
file = 17317 particle = gamma
file = 17318 particle = gamma
file = 17319 particle = neutron
file = 17320 particle = gamma
file = 17321 particle = gamma
file = 17322 particle = gamma
file = 17323 particle = gamma
file = 17324 particle = gamma
file = 17325 particle = gamma
file = 17326 particle = gamma
file = 17327 particle = gamma
file = 17328 particle = gamma
file = 17329 particle = gamma
file = 17330 particle = gamma
file = 17331 particle = gamma
file = 17332 particle = neutron
file = 17333 particle = gamma
file = 17334 particle = gamma
file = 17335 particle = gamma
file = 17336 particle = gamma
file = 17337 particle = gamma
file = 17338 particle = gamma
file = 17339 particle = gamma
file = 17340 particle = gamma
file = 17341 particle = gamma
file = 17342 particle = gamma
file = 17343 particle = neutron
file = 17344 particle = gamma
file = 17345 particle = gamma
file = 17346 particle = gamma
file = 17347 particle = gamma
file = 17348 particle = gamma
file = 17349 particle = gamma
file = 17350 particle = gamma
file = 17351 particle = neutron
file = 17352 particle = gamma
file = 17353 particle = neutron
file = 17354 particle = gamma
file = 17355 particle = gamma
file = 17356 particle = gamma
file = 17357 particle = gamma
file = 17358 particle = gamma
file = 17359 particle = gamma
file = 17360 particle = gamma
file = 17361 particle = neutron
file = 17362 particle = neutron
file = 17363 particle = gamma
file = 17364 particle = gamma
file = 17365 particle = gamma
file = 17366 particle = gamma
file = 17367 particle = neutron
file = 17368 particle = gamma
file = 17369 particle = gamma
file = 17370 particle = gamma
file = 17371 particle = gamma
file = 17372 particle = gamma
file = 17373 particle = neutron
file = 17374 particle = gamma
file = 17375 particle = gamma
file = 17376 particle = gamma
file = 17377 particle = neutron
file = 17378 particle = gamma
file = 17379 particle = gamma
file = 17380 particle = gamma
file = 17381 particle = gamma
file = 17382 particle = gamma
file = 17383 particle = gamma
file = 17384 particle = neutron
file = 17385 particle = gamma
file = 17386 particle = gamma
file = 17387 particle = gamma
file = 17388 particle = gamma
file = 17389 particle = gamma
file = 17390 particle = gamma
file = 17391 particle = gamma
file = 17392 particle = gamma
file = 17393 particle = gamma
file = 17394 particle = gamma
file = 17395 particle = neutron
file = 17396 particle = gamma
file = 17397 particle = gamma
file = 17398 particle = gamma
file = 17399 particle = gamma
file = 17400 particle = gamma
file = 17401 particle = gamma
file = 17402 particle = gamma
file = 17403 particle = gamma
file = 17404 particle = gamma
file = 17405 particle = gamma
file = 17406 particle = gamma
file = 17407 particle = gamma
file = 17408 particle = gamma
file = 17409 particle = gamma
file = 17410 particle = gamma
file = 17411 particle = gamma
file = 17412 particle = gamma
file = 17413 particle = gamma
file = 17414 particle = gamma
file = 17415 particle = gamma
file = 17416 particle = gamma
file = 17417 particle = gamma
file = 17418 particle = gamma
file = 17419 particle = gamma
file = 17420 particle = gamma
file = 17421 particle = gamma
file = 17422 particle = gamma
file = 17423 particle = neutron
file = 17424 particle = gamma
file = 17425 particle = gamma
file = 17426 particle = neutron
file = 17427 particle = gamma
file = 17428 particle = gamma
file = 17429 particle = gamma
file = 17430 particle = gamma
file = 17431 particle = gamma
file = 17432 particle = gamma
file = 17433 particle = gamma
file = 17434 particle = gamma
file = 17435 particle = gamma
file = 17436 particle = gamma
file = 17437 particle = gamma
file = 17438 particle = gamma
file = 17439 particle = gamma
file = 17440 particle = gamma
file = 17441 particle = gamma
file = 17442 particle = gamma
file = 17443 particle = gamma
file = 17444 particle = gamma
file = 17445 particle = gamma
file = 17446 particle = gamma
file = 17447 particle = neutron
file = 17448 particle = gamma
file = 17449 particle = gamma
file = 17450 particle = gamma
file = 17451 particle = gamma
file = 17452 particle = gamma
file = 17453 particle = neutron
file = 17454 particle = gamma
file = 17455 particle = gamma
file = 17456 particle = gamma
file = 17457 particle = gamma
file = 17458 particle = gamma
file = 17459 particle = gamma
file = 17460 particle = gamma
file = 17461 particle = gamma
file = 17462 particle = neutron
file = 17463 particle = gamma
file = 17464 particle = gamma
file = 17465 particle = gamma
file = 17466 particle = gamma
file = 17467 particle = neutron
file = 17468 particle = neutron
file = 17469 particle = gamma
file = 17470 particle = gamma
file = 17471 particle = gamma
file = 17472 particle = gamma
file = 17473 particle = gamma
file = 17474 particle = gamma
file = 17475 particle = neutron
file = 17476 particle = gamma
file = 17477 particle = gamma
file = 17478 particle = neutron
file = 17479 particle = gamma
file = 17480 particle = gamma
file = 17481 particle = gamma
file = 17482 particle = gamma
file = 17483 particle = gamma
file = 17484 particle = gamma
file = 17485 particle = neutron
file = 17486 particle = gamma
file = 17487 particle = gamma
file = 17488 particle = gamma
file = 17489 particle = neutron
file = 17490 particle = gamma
file = 17491 particle = gamma
file = 17492 particle = gamma
file = 17493 particle = gamma
file = 17494 particle = gamma
file = 17495 particle = gamma
file = 17496 particle = gamma
file = 17497 particle = gamma
file = 17498 particle = gamma
file = 17499 particle = gamma
file = 17500 particle = gamma
file = 17501 particle = neutron
file = 17502 particle = neutron
file = 17503 particle = gamma
file = 17504 particle = gamma
file = 17505 particle = gamma
file = 17506 particle = gamma
file = 17507 particle = gamma
file = 17508 particle = neutron
file = 17509 particle = neutron
file = 17510 particle = gamma
file = 17511 particle = gamma
file = 17512 particle = neutron
file = 17513 particle = gamma
file = 17514 particle = gamma
file = 17515 particle = gamma
file = 17516 particle = gamma
file = 17517 particle = gamma
file = 17518 particle = gamma
file = 17519 particle = gamma
file = 17520 particle = gamma
file = 17521 particle = gamma
file = 17522 particle = gamma
file = 17523 particle = neutron
file = 17524 particle = gamma
file = 17525 particle = gamma
file = 17526 particle = gamma
file = 17527 particle = gamma
file = 17528 particle = neutron
file = 17529 particle = gamma
file = 17530 particle = gamma
file = 17531 particle = gamma
file = 17532 particle = gamma
file = 17533 particle = gamma
file = 17534 particle = neutron
file = 17535 particle = gamma
file = 17536 particle = neutron
file = 17537 particle = gamma
file = 17538 particle = gamma
file = 17539 particle = gamma
file = 17540 particle = gamma
file = 17541 particle = gamma
file = 17542 particle = gamma
file = 17543 particle = gamma
file = 17544 particle = gamma
file = 17545 particle = gamma
file = 17546 particle = neutron
file = 17547 particle = gamma
file = 17548 particle = gamma
file = 17549 particle = neutron
file = 17550 particle = neutron
file = 17551 particle = gamma
file = 17552 particle = gamma
file = 17553 particle = gamma
file = 17554 particle = gamma
file = 17555 particle = gamma
file = 17556 particle = neutron
file = 17557 particle = gamma
file = 17558 particle = gamma
file = 17559 particle = gamma
file = 17560 particle = gamma
file = 17561 particle = gamma
file = 17562 particle = neutron
file = 17563 particle = gamma
file = 17564 particle = gamma
file = 17565 particle = gamma
file = 17566 particle = neutron
file = 17567 particle = gamma
file = 17568 particle = gamma
file = 17569 particle = gamma
file = 17570 particle = gamma
file = 17571 particle = gamma
file = 17572 particle = gamma
file = 17573 particle = neutron
file = 17574 particle = gamma
file = 17575 particle = gamma
file = 17576 particle = gamma
file = 17577 particle = gamma
file = 17578 particle = gamma
file = 17579 particle = gamma
file = 17580 particle = gamma
file = 17581 particle = neutron
file = 17582 particle = gamma
file = 17583 particle = gamma
file = 17584 particle = neutron
file = 17585 particle = gamma
file = 17586 particle = gamma
file = 17587 particle = gamma
file = 17588 particle = gamma
file = 17589 particle = neutron
file = 17590 particle = neutron
file = 17591 particle = gamma
file = 17592 particle = gamma
file = 17593 particle = neutron
file = 17594 particle = gamma
file = 17595 particle = gamma
file = 17596 particle = gamma
file = 17597 particle = gamma
file = 17598 particle = gamma
file = 17599 particle = gamma
file = 17600 particle = gamma
file = 17601 particle = gamma
file = 17602 particle = gamma
file = 17603 particle = gamma
file = 17604 particle = gamma
file = 17605 particle = gamma
file = 17606 particle = gamma
file = 17607 particle = gamma
file = 17608 particle = neutron
file = 17609 particle = gamma
file = 17610 particle = gamma
file = 17611 particle = gamma
file = 17612 particle = neutron
file = 17613 particle = gamma
file = 17614 particle = gamma
file = 17615 particle = gamma
file = 17616 particle = gamma
file = 17617 particle = gamma
file = 17618 particle = gamma
file = 17619 particle = gamma
file = 17620 particle = gamma
file = 17621 particle = neutron
file = 17622 particle = gamma
file = 17623 particle = gamma
file = 17624 particle = gamma
file = 17625 particle = gamma
file = 17626 particle = gamma
file = 17627 particle = gamma
file = 17628 particle = gamma
file = 17629 particle = gamma
file = 17630 particle = gamma
file = 17631 particle = neutron
file = 17632 particle = neutron
file = 17633 particle = gamma
file = 17634 particle = gamma
file = 17635 particle = gamma
file = 17636 particle = neutron
file = 17637 particle = gamma
file = 17638 particle = neutron
file = 17639 particle = gamma
file = 17640 particle = gamma
file = 17641 particle = gamma
file = 17642 particle = gamma
file = 17643 particle = gamma
file = 17644 particle = gamma
file = 17645 particle = gamma
file = 17646 particle = neutron
file = 17647 particle = gamma
file = 17648 particle = gamma
file = 17649 particle = gamma
file = 17650 particle = gamma
file = 17651 particle = gamma
file = 17652 particle = neutron
file = 17653 particle = gamma
file = 17654 particle = gamma
file = 17655 particle = gamma
file = 17656 particle = gamma
file = 17657 particle = gamma
file = 17658 particle = gamma
file = 17659 particle = gamma
file = 17660 particle = gamma
file = 17661 particle = gamma
file = 17662 particle = gamma
file = 17663 particle = gamma
file = 17664 particle = gamma
file = 17665 particle = gamma
file = 17666 particle = gamma
file = 17667 particle = gamma
file = 17668 particle = neutron
file = 17669 particle = neutron
file = 17670 particle = gamma
file = 17671 particle = gamma
file = 17672 particle = gamma
file = 17673 particle = gamma
file = 17674 particle = gamma
file = 17675 particle = neutron
file = 17676 particle = gamma
file = 17677 particle = gamma
file = 17678 particle = gamma
file = 17679 particle = neutron
file = 17680 particle = gamma
file = 17681 particle = gamma
file = 17682 particle = gamma
file = 17683 particle = gamma
file = 17684 particle = gamma
file = 17685 particle = gamma
file = 17686 particle = gamma
file = 17687 particle = neutron
file = 17688 particle = gamma
file = 17689 particle = gamma
file = 17690 particle = gamma
file = 17691 particle = gamma
file = 17692 particle = gamma
file = 17693 particle = gamma
file = 17694 particle = gamma
file = 17695 particle = gamma
file = 17696 particle = gamma
file = 17697 particle = gamma
file = 17698 particle = gamma
file = 17699 particle = gamma
file = 17700 particle = gamma
file = 17701 particle = neutron
file = 17702 particle = gamma
file = 17703 particle = gamma
file = 17704 particle = gamma
file = 17705 particle = gamma
file = 17706 particle = neutron
file = 17707 particle = gamma
file = 17708 particle = neutron
file = 17709 particle = gamma
file = 17710 particle = gamma
file = 17711 particle = gamma
file = 17712 particle = gamma
file = 17713 particle = gamma
file = 17714 particle = gamma
file = 17715 particle = gamma
file = 17716 particle = gamma
file = 17717 particle = gamma
file = 17718 particle = gamma
file = 17719 particle = neutron
file = 17720 particle = neutron
file = 17721 particle = gamma
file = 17722 particle = gamma
file = 17723 particle = gamma
file = 17724 particle = neutron
file = 17725 particle = gamma
file = 17726 particle = gamma
file = 17727 particle = gamma
file = 17728 particle = gamma
file = 17729 particle = neutron
file = 17730 particle = gamma
file = 17731 particle = gamma
file = 17732 particle = neutron
file = 17733 particle = neutron
file = 17734 particle = gamma
file = 17735 particle = gamma
file = 17736 particle = gamma
file = 17737 particle = neutron
file = 17738 particle = gamma
file = 17739 particle = neutron
file = 17740 particle = gamma
file = 17741 particle = gamma
file = 17742 particle = gamma
file = 17743 particle = gamma
file = 17744 particle = gamma
file = 17745 particle = gamma
file = 17746 particle = gamma
file = 17747 particle = gamma
file = 17748 particle = gamma
file = 17749 particle = neutron
file = 17750 particle = neutron
file = 17751 particle = neutron
file = 17752 particle = gamma
file = 17753 particle = gamma
file = 17754 particle = gamma
file = 17755 particle = gamma
file = 17756 particle = gamma
file = 17757 particle = gamma
file = 17758 particle = gamma
file = 17759 particle = gamma
file = 17760 particle = gamma
file = 17761 particle = gamma
file = 17762 particle = gamma
file = 17763 particle = gamma
file = 17764 particle = gamma
file = 17765 particle = gamma
file = 17766 particle = gamma
file = 17767 particle = gamma
file = 17768 particle = gamma
file = 17769 particle = gamma
file = 17770 particle = gamma
file = 17771 particle = gamma
file = 17772 particle = neutron
file = 17773 particle = gamma
file = 17774 particle = gamma
file = 17775 particle = gamma
file = 17776 particle = gamma
file = 17777 particle = gamma
file = 17778 particle = gamma
file = 17779 particle = neutron
file = 17780 particle = gamma
file = 17781 particle = gamma
file = 17782 particle = gamma
file = 17783 particle = gamma
file = 17784 particle = neutron
file = 17785 particle = gamma
file = 17786 particle = gamma
file = 17787 particle = gamma
file = 17788 particle = gamma
file = 17789 particle = neutron
file = 17790 particle = gamma
file = 17791 particle = gamma
file = 17792 particle = gamma
file = 17793 particle = gamma
file = 17794 particle = gamma
file = 17795 particle = gamma
file = 17796 particle = neutron
file = 17797 particle = gamma
file = 17798 particle = gamma
file = 17799 particle = gamma
file = 17800 particle = gamma
file = 17801 particle = gamma
file = 17802 particle = gamma
file = 17803 particle = gamma
file = 17804 particle = neutron
file = 17805 particle = neutron
file = 17806 particle = gamma
file = 17807 particle = gamma
file = 17808 particle = neutron
file = 17809 particle = gamma
file = 17810 particle = gamma
file = 17811 particle = gamma
file = 17812 particle = neutron
file = 17813 particle = gamma
file = 17814 particle = neutron
file = 17815 particle = neutron
file = 17816 particle = gamma
file = 17817 particle = gamma
file = 17818 particle = neutron
file = 17819 particle = gamma
file = 17820 particle = neutron
file = 17821 particle = gamma
file = 17822 particle = gamma
file = 17823 particle = gamma
file = 17824 particle = gamma
file = 17825 particle = gamma
file = 17826 particle = gamma
file = 17827 particle = gamma
file = 17828 particle = gamma
file = 17829 particle = gamma
file = 17830 particle = gamma
file = 17831 particle = gamma
file = 17832 particle = gamma
file = 17833 particle = gamma
file = 17834 particle = gamma
file = 17835 particle = neutron
file = 17836 particle = gamma
file = 17837 particle = gamma
file = 17838 particle = gamma
file = 17839 particle = neutron
file = 17840 particle = gamma
file = 17841 particle = gamma
file = 17842 particle = gamma
file = 17843 particle = gamma
file = 17844 particle = gamma
file = 17845 particle = gamma
file = 17846 particle = gamma
file = 17847 particle = gamma
file = 17848 particle = gamma
file = 17849 particle = gamma
file = 17850 particle = neutron
file = 17851 particle = gamma
file = 17852 particle = gamma
file = 17853 particle = gamma
file = 17854 particle = gamma
file = 17855 particle = gamma
file = 17856 particle = gamma
file = 17857 particle = gamma
file = 17858 particle = gamma
file = 17859 particle = gamma
file = 17860 particle = gamma
file = 17861 particle = gamma
file = 17862 particle = gamma
file = 17863 particle = gamma
file = 17864 particle = gamma
file = 17865 particle = gamma
file = 17866 particle = gamma
file = 17867 particle = neutron
file = 17868 particle = gamma
file = 17869 particle = gamma
file = 17870 particle = neutron
file = 17871 particle = gamma
file = 17872 particle = gamma
file = 17873 particle = neutron
file = 17874 particle = neutron
file = 17875 particle = gamma
file = 17876 particle = gamma
file = 17877 particle = neutron
file = 17878 particle = gamma
file = 17879 particle = gamma
file = 17880 particle = gamma
file = 17881 particle = gamma
file = 17882 particle = gamma
file = 17883 particle = gamma
file = 17884 particle = gamma
file = 17885 particle = gamma
file = 17886 particle = gamma
file = 17887 particle = gamma
file = 17888 particle = gamma
file = 17889 particle = neutron
file = 17890 particle = gamma
file = 17891 particle = gamma
file = 17892 particle = gamma
file = 17893 particle = gamma
file = 17894 particle = gamma
file = 17895 particle = gamma
file = 17896 particle = gamma
file = 17897 particle = gamma
file = 17898 particle = neutron
file = 17899 particle = gamma
file = 17900 particle = gamma
file = 17901 particle = neutron
file = 17902 particle = gamma
file = 17903 particle = gamma
file = 17904 particle = neutron
file = 17905 particle = gamma
file = 17906 particle = gamma
file = 17907 particle = neutron
file = 17908 particle = neutron
file = 17909 particle = gamma
file = 17910 particle = gamma
file = 17911 particle = gamma
file = 17912 particle = gamma
file = 17913 particle = neutron
file = 17914 particle = gamma
file = 17915 particle = gamma
file = 17916 particle = gamma
file = 17917 particle = gamma
file = 17918 particle = gamma
file = 17919 particle = gamma
file = 17920 particle = neutron
file = 17921 particle = gamma
file = 17922 particle = gamma
file = 17923 particle = neutron
file = 17924 particle = gamma
file = 17925 particle = gamma
file = 17926 particle = gamma
file = 17927 particle = gamma
file = 17928 particle = gamma
file = 17929 particle = gamma
file = 17930 particle = gamma
file = 17931 particle = gamma
file = 17932 particle = gamma
file = 17933 particle = gamma
file = 17934 particle = gamma
file = 17935 particle = gamma
file = 17936 particle = gamma
file = 17937 particle = gamma
file = 17938 particle = gamma
file = 17939 particle = gamma
file = 17940 particle = gamma
file = 17941 particle = gamma
file = 17942 particle = gamma
file = 17943 particle = gamma
file = 17944 particle = gamma
file = 17945 particle = gamma
file = 17946 particle = gamma
file = 17947 particle = gamma
file = 17948 particle = gamma
file = 17949 particle = gamma
file = 17950 particle = gamma
file = 17951 particle = neutron
file = 17952 particle = gamma
file = 17953 particle = gamma
file = 17954 particle = gamma
file = 17955 particle = neutron
file = 17956 particle = gamma
file = 17957 particle = gamma
file = 17958 particle = gamma
file = 17959 particle = gamma
file = 17960 particle = neutron
file = 17961 particle = gamma
file = 17962 particle = gamma
file = 17963 particle = gamma
file = 17964 particle = gamma
file = 17965 particle = gamma
file = 17966 particle = gamma
file = 17967 particle = gamma
file = 17968 particle = gamma
file = 17969 particle = gamma
file = 17970 particle = gamma
file = 17971 particle = neutron
file = 17972 particle = gamma
file = 17973 particle = gamma
file = 17974 particle = gamma
file = 17975 particle = gamma
file = 17976 particle = gamma
file = 17977 particle = gamma
file = 17978 particle = gamma
file = 17979 particle = gamma
file = 17980 particle = gamma
file = 17981 particle = neutron
file = 17982 particle = gamma
file = 17983 particle = gamma
file = 17984 particle = gamma
file = 17985 particle = gamma
file = 17986 particle = gamma
file = 17987 particle = gamma
file = 17988 particle = gamma
file = 17989 particle = neutron
file = 17990 particle = gamma
file = 17991 particle = gamma
file = 17992 particle = gamma
file = 17993 particle = gamma
file = 17994 particle = neutron
file = 17995 particle = gamma
file = 17996 particle = gamma
file = 17997 particle = gamma
file = 17998 particle = gamma
file = 17999 particle = neutron
file = 18000 particle = gamma
file = 18001 particle = gamma
file = 18002 particle = gamma
file = 18003 particle = gamma
file = 18004 particle = gamma
file = 18005 particle = gamma
file = 18006 particle = neutron
file = 18007 particle = neutron
file = 18008 particle = gamma
file = 18009 particle = gamma
file = 18010 particle = neutron
file = 18011 particle = gamma
file = 18012 particle = neutron
file = 18013 particle = gamma
file = 18014 particle = gamma
file = 18015 particle = gamma
file = 18016 particle = gamma
file = 18017 particle = gamma
file = 18018 particle = gamma
file = 18019 particle = gamma
file = 18020 particle = neutron
file = 18021 particle = neutron
file = 18022 particle = gamma
file = 18023 particle = gamma
file = 18024 particle = gamma
file = 18025 particle = gamma
file = 18026 particle = gamma
file = 18027 particle = gamma
file = 18028 particle = gamma
file = 18029 particle = gamma
file = 18030 particle = gamma
file = 18031 particle = gamma
file = 18032 particle = gamma
file = 18033 particle = gamma
file = 18034 particle = gamma
file = 18035 particle = neutron
file = 18036 particle = gamma
file = 18037 particle = gamma
file = 18038 particle = neutron
file = 18039 particle = gamma
file = 18040 particle = neutron
file = 18041 particle = gamma
file = 18042 particle = neutron
file = 18043 particle = gamma
file = 18044 particle = gamma
file = 18045 particle = gamma
file = 18046 particle = gamma
file = 18047 particle = gamma
file = 18048 particle = gamma
file = 18049 particle = gamma
file = 18050 particle = gamma
file = 18051 particle = gamma
file = 18052 particle = neutron
file = 18053 particle = gamma
file = 18054 particle = gamma
file = 18055 particle = gamma
file = 18056 particle = gamma
file = 18057 particle = gamma
file = 18058 particle = gamma
file = 18059 particle = neutron
file = 18060 particle = neutron
file = 18061 particle = gamma
file = 18062 particle = neutron
file = 18063 particle = neutron
file = 18064 particle = gamma
file = 18065 particle = neutron
file = 18066 particle = gamma
file = 18067 particle = gamma
file = 18068 particle = neutron
file = 18069 particle = gamma
file = 18070 particle = gamma
file = 18071 particle = gamma
file = 18072 particle = gamma
file = 18073 particle = gamma
file = 18074 particle = gamma
file = 18075 particle = gamma
file = 18076 particle = neutron
file = 18077 particle = gamma
file = 18078 particle = gamma
file = 18079 particle = gamma
file = 18080 particle = gamma
file = 18081 particle = gamma
file = 18082 particle = gamma
file = 18083 particle = gamma
file = 18084 particle = gamma
file = 18085 particle = gamma
file = 18086 particle = gamma
file = 18087 particle = gamma
file = 18088 particle = gamma
file = 18089 particle = gamma
file = 18090 particle = gamma
file = 18091 particle = gamma
file = 18092 particle = neutron
file = 18093 particle = gamma
file = 18094 particle = gamma
file = 18095 particle = neutron
file = 18096 particle = gamma
file = 18097 particle = gamma
file = 18098 particle = gamma
file = 18099 particle = gamma
file = 18100 particle = gamma
file = 18101 particle = gamma
file = 18102 particle = gamma
file = 18103 particle = gamma
file = 18104 particle = gamma
file = 18105 particle = gamma
file = 18106 particle = gamma
file = 18107 particle = gamma
file = 18108 particle = gamma
file = 18109 particle = gamma
file = 18110 particle = gamma
file = 18111 particle = gamma
file = 18112 particle = gamma
file = 18113 particle = gamma
file = 18114 particle = gamma
file = 18115 particle = gamma
file = 18116 particle = gamma
file = 18117 particle = neutron
file = 18118 particle = neutron
file = 18119 particle = neutron
file = 18120 particle = gamma
file = 18121 particle = gamma
file = 18122 particle = gamma
file = 18123 particle = gamma
file = 18124 particle = gamma
file = 18125 particle = gamma
file = 18126 particle = gamma
file = 18127 particle = gamma
file = 18128 particle = gamma
file = 18129 particle = gamma
file = 18130 particle = neutron
file = 18131 particle = gamma
file = 18132 particle = gamma
file = 18133 particle = neutron
file = 18134 particle = gamma
file = 18135 particle = neutron
file = 18136 particle = gamma
file = 18137 particle = gamma
file = 18138 particle = gamma
file = 18139 particle = gamma
file = 18140 particle = neutron
file = 18141 particle = gamma
file = 18142 particle = gamma
file = 18143 particle = gamma
file = 18144 particle = gamma
file = 18145 particle = gamma
file = 18146 particle = gamma
file = 18147 particle = gamma
file = 18148 particle = gamma
file = 18149 particle = gamma
file = 18150 particle = gamma
file = 18151 particle = gamma
file = 18152 particle = gamma
file = 18153 particle = gamma
file = 18154 particle = gamma
file = 18155 particle = gamma
file = 18156 particle = gamma
file = 18157 particle = gamma
file = 18158 particle = gamma
file = 18159 particle = gamma
file = 18160 particle = neutron
file = 18161 particle = neutron
file = 18162 particle = gamma
file = 18163 particle = gamma
file = 18164 particle = gamma
file = 18165 particle = gamma
file = 18166 particle = gamma
file = 18167 particle = gamma
file = 18168 particle = gamma
file = 18169 particle = gamma
file = 18170 particle = gamma
file = 18171 particle = gamma
file = 18172 particle = gamma
file = 18173 particle = gamma
file = 18174 particle = neutron
file = 18175 particle = neutron
file = 18176 particle = gamma
file = 18177 particle = gamma
file = 18178 particle = neutron
file = 18179 particle = neutron
file = 18180 particle = gamma
file = 18181 particle = gamma
file = 18182 particle = gamma
file = 18183 particle = gamma
file = 18184 particle = gamma
file = 18185 particle = gamma
file = 18186 particle = gamma
file = 18187 particle = gamma
file = 18188 particle = gamma
file = 18189 particle = gamma
file = 18190 particle = gamma
file = 18191 particle = gamma
file = 18192 particle = gamma
file = 18193 particle = neutron
file = 18194 particle = gamma
file = 18195 particle = gamma
file = 18196 particle = neutron
file = 18197 particle = neutron
file = 18198 particle = gamma
file = 18199 particle = gamma
file = 18200 particle = gamma
file = 18201 particle = gamma
file = 18202 particle = gamma
file = 18203 particle = gamma
file = 18204 particle = neutron
file = 18205 particle = gamma
file = 18206 particle = gamma
file = 18207 particle = gamma
file = 18208 particle = gamma
file = 18209 particle = gamma
file = 18210 particle = gamma
file = 18211 particle = gamma
file = 18212 particle = gamma
file = 18213 particle = gamma
file = 18214 particle = gamma
file = 18215 particle = gamma
file = 18216 particle = gamma
file = 18217 particle = gamma
file = 18218 particle = gamma
file = 18219 particle = gamma
file = 18220 particle = gamma
file = 18221 particle = gamma
file = 18222 particle = gamma
file = 18223 particle = gamma
file = 18224 particle = gamma
file = 18225 particle = gamma
file = 18226 particle = gamma
file = 18227 particle = gamma
file = 18228 particle = gamma
file = 18229 particle = gamma
file = 18230 particle = neutron
file = 18231 particle = gamma
file = 18232 particle = gamma
file = 18233 particle = neutron
file = 18234 particle = gamma
file = 18235 particle = gamma
file = 18236 particle = gamma
file = 18237 particle = neutron
file = 18238 particle = gamma
file = 18239 particle = gamma
file = 18240 particle = gamma
file = 18241 particle = neutron
file = 18242 particle = gamma
file = 18243 particle = gamma
file = 18244 particle = gamma
file = 18245 particle = gamma
file = 18246 particle = gamma
file = 18247 particle = gamma
file = 18248 particle = gamma
file = 18249 particle = gamma
file = 18250 particle = gamma
file = 18251 particle = gamma
file = 18252 particle = gamma
file = 18253 particle = gamma
file = 18254 particle = gamma
file = 18255 particle = gamma
file = 18256 particle = gamma
file = 18257 particle = gamma
file = 18258 particle = gamma
file = 18259 particle = gamma
file = 18260 particle = gamma
file = 18261 particle = neutron
file = 18262 particle = gamma
file = 18263 particle = gamma
file = 18264 particle = gamma
file = 18265 particle = neutron
file = 18266 particle = neutron
file = 18267 particle = gamma
file = 18268 particle = gamma
file = 18269 particle = neutron
file = 18270 particle = neutron
file = 18271 particle = gamma
file = 18272 particle = gamma
file = 18273 particle = gamma
file = 18274 particle = neutron
file = 18275 particle = gamma
file = 18276 particle = gamma
file = 18277 particle = gamma
file = 18278 particle = gamma
file = 18279 particle = gamma
file = 18280 particle = gamma
file = 18281 particle = gamma
file = 18282 particle = gamma
file = 18283 particle = gamma
file = 18284 particle = neutron
file = 18285 particle = neutron
file = 18286 particle = gamma
file = 18287 particle = gamma
file = 18288 particle = gamma
file = 18289 particle = gamma
file = 18290 particle = gamma
file = 18291 particle = gamma
file = 18292 particle = gamma
file = 18293 particle = gamma
file = 18294 particle = gamma
file = 18295 particle = gamma
file = 18296 particle = gamma
file = 18297 particle = gamma
file = 18298 particle = gamma
file = 18299 particle = gamma
file = 18300 particle = gamma
file = 18301 particle = neutron
file = 18302 particle = gamma
file = 18303 particle = gamma
file = 18304 particle = gamma
file = 18305 particle = gamma
file = 18306 particle = gamma
file = 18307 particle = neutron
file = 18308 particle = neutron
file = 18309 particle = gamma
file = 18310 particle = neutron
file = 18311 particle = gamma
file = 18312 particle = gamma
file = 18313 particle = gamma
file = 18314 particle = neutron
file = 18315 particle = gamma
file = 18316 particle = gamma
file = 18317 particle = gamma
file = 18318 particle = gamma
file = 18319 particle = neutron
file = 18320 particle = gamma
file = 18321 particle = neutron
file = 18322 particle = gamma
file = 18323 particle = gamma
file = 18324 particle = gamma
file = 18325 particle = gamma
file = 18326 particle = gamma
file = 18327 particle = gamma
file = 18328 particle = gamma
file = 18329 particle = gamma
file = 18330 particle = gamma
file = 18331 particle = gamma
file = 18332 particle = neutron
file = 18333 particle = gamma
file = 18334 particle = gamma
file = 18335 particle = gamma
file = 18336 particle = gamma
file = 18337 particle = gamma
file = 18338 particle = gamma
file = 18339 particle = gamma
file = 18340 particle = neutron
file = 18341 particle = gamma
file = 18342 particle = gamma
file = 18343 particle = gamma
file = 18344 particle = gamma
file = 18345 particle = gamma
file = 18346 particle = gamma
file = 18347 particle = gamma
file = 18348 particle = neutron
file = 18349 particle = gamma
file = 18350 particle = gamma
file = 18351 particle = gamma
file = 18352 particle = gamma
file = 18353 particle = neutron
file = 18354 particle = gamma
file = 18355 particle = gamma
file = 18356 particle = gamma
file = 18357 particle = gamma
file = 18358 particle = gamma
file = 18359 particle = gamma
file = 18360 particle = gamma
file = 18361 particle = gamma
file = 18362 particle = gamma
file = 18363 particle = neutron
file = 18364 particle = gamma
file = 18365 particle = gamma
file = 18366 particle = gamma
file = 18367 particle = gamma
file = 18368 particle = neutron
file = 18369 particle = gamma
file = 18370 particle = gamma
file = 18371 particle = gamma
file = 18372 particle = gamma
file = 18373 particle = gamma
file = 18374 particle = gamma
file = 18375 particle = gamma
file = 18376 particle = gamma
file = 18377 particle = neutron
file = 18378 particle = gamma
file = 18379 particle = gamma
file = 18380 particle = gamma
file = 18381 particle = gamma
file = 18382 particle = gamma
file = 18383 particle = neutron
file = 18384 particle = gamma
file = 18385 particle = gamma
file = 18386 particle = gamma
file = 18387 particle = gamma
file = 18388 particle = gamma
file = 18389 particle = gamma
file = 18390 particle = gamma
file = 18391 particle = gamma
file = 18392 particle = gamma
file = 18393 particle = neutron
file = 18394 particle = gamma
file = 18395 particle = gamma
file = 18396 particle = gamma
file = 18397 particle = gamma
file = 18398 particle = gamma
file = 18399 particle = gamma
file = 18400 particle = gamma
file = 18401 particle = gamma
file = 18402 particle = gamma
file = 18403 particle = gamma
file = 18404 particle = gamma
file = 18405 particle = gamma
file = 18406 particle = gamma
file = 18407 particle = gamma
file = 18408 particle = neutron
file = 18409 particle = gamma
file = 18410 particle = gamma
file = 18411 particle = gamma
file = 18412 particle = neutron
file = 18413 particle = gamma
file = 18414 particle = neutron
file = 18415 particle = gamma
file = 18416 particle = neutron
file = 18417 particle = gamma
file = 18418 particle = gamma
file = 18419 particle = gamma
file = 18420 particle = gamma
file = 18421 particle = gamma
file = 18422 particle = gamma
file = 18423 particle = gamma
file = 18424 particle = gamma
file = 18425 particle = gamma
file = 18426 particle = gamma
file = 18427 particle = gamma
file = 18428 particle = gamma
file = 18429 particle = gamma
file = 18430 particle = gamma
file = 18431 particle = gamma
file = 18432 particle = gamma
file = 18433 particle = gamma
file = 18434 particle = gamma
file = 18435 particle = gamma
file = 18436 particle = neutron
file = 18437 particle = gamma
file = 18438 particle = gamma
file = 18439 particle = gamma
file = 18440 particle = gamma
file = 18441 particle = neutron
file = 18442 particle = gamma
file = 18443 particle = gamma
file = 18444 particle = gamma
file = 18445 particle = neutron
file = 18446 particle = gamma
file = 18447 particle = gamma
file = 18448 particle = gamma
file = 18449 particle = gamma
file = 18450 particle = gamma
file = 18451 particle = gamma
file = 18452 particle = neutron
file = 18453 particle = gamma
file = 18454 particle = neutron
file = 18455 particle = neutron
file = 18456 particle = gamma
file = 18457 particle = neutron
file = 18458 particle = neutron
file = 18459 particle = gamma
file = 18460 particle = gamma
file = 18461 particle = gamma
file = 18462 particle = gamma
file = 18463 particle = gamma
file = 18464 particle = gamma
file = 18465 particle = gamma
file = 18466 particle = gamma
file = 18467 particle = gamma
file = 18468 particle = gamma
file = 18469 particle = gamma
file = 18470 particle = gamma
file = 18471 particle = gamma
file = 18472 particle = neutron
file = 18473 particle = gamma
file = 18474 particle = gamma
file = 18475 particle = gamma
file = 18476 particle = gamma
file = 18477 particle = gamma
file = 18478 particle = neutron
file = 18479 particle = gamma
file = 18480 particle = neutron
file = 18481 particle = gamma
file = 18482 particle = gamma
file = 18483 particle = gamma
file = 18484 particle = gamma
file = 18485 particle = gamma
file = 18486 particle = gamma
file = 18487 particle = gamma
file = 18488 particle = gamma
file = 18489 particle = neutron
file = 18490 particle = gamma
file = 18491 particle = gamma
file = 18492 particle = gamma
file = 18493 particle = gamma
file = 18494 particle = gamma
file = 18495 particle = gamma
file = 18496 particle = gamma
file = 18497 particle = gamma
file = 18498 particle = gamma
file = 18499 particle = neutron
file = 18500 particle = gamma
file = 18501 particle = gamma
file = 18502 particle = gamma
file = 18503 particle = gamma
file = 18504 particle = gamma
file = 18505 particle = gamma
file = 18506 particle = gamma
file = 18507 particle = gamma
file = 18508 particle = gamma
file = 18509 particle = gamma
file = 18510 particle = gamma
file = 18511 particle = neutron
file = 18512 particle = gamma
file = 18513 particle = gamma
file = 18514 particle = gamma
file = 18515 particle = gamma
file = 18516 particle = gamma
file = 18517 particle = gamma
file = 18518 particle = gamma
file = 18519 particle = gamma
file = 18520 particle = gamma
file = 18521 particle = gamma
file = 18522 particle = gamma
file = 18523 particle = neutron
file = 18524 particle = gamma
file = 18525 particle = gamma
file = 18526 particle = neutron
file = 18527 particle = neutron
file = 18528 particle = gamma
file = 18529 particle = gamma
file = 18530 particle = gamma
file = 18531 particle = neutron
file = 18532 particle = gamma
file = 18533 particle = gamma
file = 18534 particle = gamma
file = 18535 particle = gamma
file = 18536 particle = gamma
file = 18537 particle = gamma
file = 18538 particle = gamma
file = 18539 particle = gamma
file = 18540 particle = gamma
file = 18541 particle = gamma
file = 18542 particle = gamma
file = 18543 particle = gamma
file = 18544 particle = gamma
file = 18545 particle = gamma
file = 18546 particle = gamma
file = 18547 particle = gamma
file = 18548 particle = gamma
file = 18549 particle = gamma
file = 18550 particle = gamma
file = 18551 particle = neutron
file = 18552 particle = gamma
file = 18553 particle = gamma
file = 18554 particle = gamma
file = 18555 particle = gamma
file = 18556 particle = gamma
file = 18557 particle = gamma
file = 18558 particle = gamma
file = 18559 particle = gamma
file = 18560 particle = gamma
file = 18561 particle = gamma
file = 18562 particle = gamma
file = 18563 particle = gamma
file = 18564 particle = gamma
file = 18565 particle = gamma
file = 18566 particle = neutron
file = 18567 particle = gamma
file = 18568 particle = gamma
file = 18569 particle = gamma
file = 18570 particle = gamma
file = 18571 particle = gamma
file = 18572 particle = gamma
file = 18573 particle = gamma
file = 18574 particle = gamma
file = 18575 particle = gamma
file = 18576 particle = gamma
file = 18577 particle = gamma
file = 18578 particle = neutron
file = 18579 particle = neutron
file = 18580 particle = gamma
file = 18581 particle = gamma
file = 18582 particle = gamma
file = 18583 particle = gamma
file = 18584 particle = neutron
file = 18585 particle = gamma
file = 18586 particle = gamma
file = 18587 particle = neutron
file = 18588 particle = gamma
file = 18589 particle = gamma
file = 18590 particle = gamma
file = 18591 particle = gamma
file = 18592 particle = gamma
file = 18593 particle = gamma
file = 18594 particle = gamma
file = 18595 particle = gamma
file = 18596 particle = gamma
file = 18597 particle = gamma
file = 18598 particle = neutron
file = 18599 particle = gamma
file = 18600 particle = gamma
file = 18601 particle = neutron
file = 18602 particle = gamma
file = 18603 particle = gamma
file = 18604 particle = neutron
file = 18605 particle = neutron
file = 18606 particle = gamma
file = 18607 particle = gamma
file = 18608 particle = gamma
file = 18609 particle = gamma
file = 18610 particle = gamma
file = 18611 particle = gamma
file = 18612 particle = gamma
file = 18613 particle = gamma
file = 18614 particle = gamma
file = 18615 particle = gamma
file = 18616 particle = gamma
file = 18617 particle = gamma
file = 18618 particle = gamma
file = 18619 particle = gamma
file = 18620 particle = neutron
file = 18621 particle = gamma
file = 18622 particle = neutron
file = 18623 particle = gamma
file = 18624 particle = gamma
file = 18625 particle = gamma
file = 18626 particle = gamma
file = 18627 particle = gamma
file = 18628 particle = gamma
file = 18629 particle = gamma
file = 18630 particle = gamma
file = 18631 particle = gamma
file = 18632 particle = gamma
file = 18633 particle = gamma
file = 18634 particle = neutron
file = 18635 particle = gamma
file = 18636 particle = gamma
file = 18637 particle = gamma
file = 18638 particle = neutron
file = 18639 particle = gamma
file = 18640 particle = gamma
file = 18641 particle = gamma
file = 18642 particle = gamma
file = 18643 particle = gamma
file = 18644 particle = gamma
file = 18645 particle = gamma
file = 18646 particle = neutron
file = 18647 particle = gamma
file = 18648 particle = gamma
file = 18649 particle = gamma
file = 18650 particle = gamma
file = 18651 particle = gamma
file = 18652 particle = gamma
file = 18653 particle = gamma
file = 18654 particle = neutron
file = 18655 particle = gamma
file = 18656 particle = gamma
file = 18657 particle = gamma
file = 18658 particle = gamma
file = 18659 particle = gamma
file = 18660 particle = gamma
file = 18661 particle = gamma
file = 18662 particle = gamma
file = 18663 particle = neutron
file = 18664 particle = gamma
file = 18665 particle = gamma
file = 18666 particle = gamma
file = 18667 particle = gamma
file = 18668 particle = gamma
file = 18669 particle = gamma
file = 18670 particle = gamma
file = 18671 particle = gamma
file = 18672 particle = neutron
file = 18673 particle = gamma
file = 18674 particle = neutron
file = 18675 particle = gamma
file = 18676 particle = gamma
file = 18677 particle = neutron
file = 18678 particle = gamma
file = 18679 particle = gamma
file = 18680 particle = gamma
file = 18681 particle = gamma
file = 18682 particle = gamma
file = 18683 particle = gamma
file = 18684 particle = gamma
file = 18685 particle = gamma
file = 18686 particle = gamma
file = 18687 particle = gamma
file = 18688 particle = gamma
file = 18689 particle = gamma
file = 18690 particle = gamma
file = 18691 particle = gamma
file = 18692 particle = neutron
file = 18693 particle = gamma
file = 18694 particle = gamma
file = 18695 particle = gamma
file = 18696 particle = gamma
file = 18697 particle = gamma
file = 18698 particle = gamma
file = 18699 particle = gamma
file = 18700 particle = neutron
file = 18701 particle = gamma
file = 18702 particle = gamma
file = 18703 particle = gamma
file = 18704 particle = gamma
file = 18705 particle = gamma
file = 18706 particle = gamma
file = 18707 particle = gamma
file = 18708 particle = gamma
file = 18709 particle = gamma
file = 18710 particle = gamma
file = 18711 particle = neutron
file = 18712 particle = gamma
file = 18713 particle = gamma
file = 18714 particle = gamma
file = 18715 particle = gamma
file = 18716 particle = gamma
file = 18717 particle = gamma
file = 18718 particle = gamma
file = 18719 particle = neutron
file = 18720 particle = gamma
file = 18721 particle = gamma
file = 18722 particle = gamma
file = 18723 particle = neutron
file = 18724 particle = gamma
file = 18725 particle = gamma
file = 18726 particle = gamma
file = 18727 particle = gamma
file = 18728 particle = gamma
file = 18729 particle = gamma
file = 18730 particle = gamma
file = 18731 particle = neutron
file = 18732 particle = neutron
file = 18733 particle = gamma
file = 18734 particle = gamma
file = 18735 particle = gamma
file = 18736 particle = gamma
file = 18737 particle = gamma
file = 18738 particle = gamma
file = 18739 particle = gamma
file = 18740 particle = gamma
file = 18741 particle = gamma
file = 18742 particle = gamma
file = 18743 particle = gamma
file = 18744 particle = gamma
file = 18745 particle = gamma
file = 18746 particle = gamma
file = 18747 particle = gamma
file = 18748 particle = gamma
file = 18749 particle = neutron
file = 18750 particle = gamma
file = 18751 particle = gamma
file = 18752 particle = neutron
file = 18753 particle = gamma
file = 18754 particle = neutron
file = 18755 particle = neutron
file = 18756 particle = gamma
file = 18757 particle = gamma
file = 18758 particle = gamma
file = 18759 particle = gamma
file = 18760 particle = gamma
file = 18761 particle = gamma
file = 18762 particle = gamma
file = 18763 particle = gamma
file = 18764 particle = gamma
file = 18765 particle = gamma
file = 18766 particle = neutron
file = 18767 particle = gamma
file = 18768 particle = gamma
file = 18769 particle = gamma
file = 18770 particle = gamma
file = 18771 particle = gamma
file = 18772 particle = neutron
file = 18773 particle = gamma
file = 18774 particle = neutron
file = 18775 particle = gamma
file = 18776 particle = gamma
file = 18777 particle = neutron
file = 18778 particle = neutron
file = 18779 particle = gamma
file = 18780 particle = gamma
file = 18781 particle = gamma
file = 18782 particle = gamma
file = 18783 particle = gamma
file = 18784 particle = neutron
file = 18785 particle = gamma
file = 18786 particle = gamma
file = 18787 particle = gamma
file = 18788 particle = gamma
file = 18789 particle = neutron
file = 18790 particle = gamma
file = 18791 particle = gamma
file = 18792 particle = gamma
file = 18793 particle = gamma
file = 18794 particle = neutron
file = 18795 particle = gamma
file = 18796 particle = gamma
file = 18797 particle = gamma
file = 18798 particle = gamma
file = 18799 particle = neutron
file = 18800 particle = gamma
file = 18801 particle = gamma
file = 18802 particle = neutron
file = 18803 particle = gamma
file = 18804 particle = neutron
file = 18805 particle = gamma
file = 18806 particle = gamma
file = 18807 particle = gamma
file = 18808 particle = neutron
file = 18809 particle = gamma
file = 18810 particle = gamma
file = 18811 particle = neutron
file = 18812 particle = gamma
file = 18813 particle = gamma
file = 18814 particle = gamma
file = 18815 particle = neutron
file = 18816 particle = gamma
file = 18817 particle = neutron
file = 18818 particle = gamma
file = 18819 particle = gamma
file = 18820 particle = gamma
file = 18821 particle = gamma
file = 18822 particle = gamma
file = 18823 particle = gamma
file = 18824 particle = gamma
file = 18825 particle = gamma
file = 18826 particle = gamma
file = 18827 particle = neutron
file = 18828 particle = gamma
file = 18829 particle = gamma
file = 18830 particle = gamma
file = 18831 particle = gamma
file = 18832 particle = neutron
file = 18833 particle = gamma
file = 18834 particle = gamma
file = 18835 particle = gamma
file = 18836 particle = neutron
file = 18837 particle = gamma
file = 18838 particle = gamma
file = 18839 particle = neutron
file = 18840 particle = gamma
file = 18841 particle = neutron
file = 18842 particle = gamma
file = 18843 particle = gamma
file = 18844 particle = gamma
file = 18845 particle = gamma
file = 18846 particle = gamma
file = 18847 particle = gamma
file = 18848 particle = gamma
file = 18849 particle = neutron
file = 18850 particle = gamma
file = 18851 particle = gamma
file = 18852 particle = gamma
file = 18853 particle = gamma
file = 18854 particle = neutron
file = 18855 particle = neutron
file = 18856 particle = gamma
file = 18857 particle = gamma
file = 18858 particle = gamma
file = 18859 particle = neutron
file = 18860 particle = gamma
file = 18861 particle = gamma
file = 18862 particle = gamma
file = 18863 particle = gamma
file = 18864 particle = neutron
file = 18865 particle = gamma
file = 18866 particle = neutron
file = 18867 particle = gamma
file = 18868 particle = gamma
file = 18869 particle = gamma
file = 18870 particle = neutron
file = 18871 particle = gamma
file = 18872 particle = gamma
file = 18873 particle = gamma
file = 18874 particle = gamma
file = 18875 particle = neutron
file = 18876 particle = gamma
file = 18877 particle = gamma
file = 18878 particle = gamma
file = 18879 particle = gamma
file = 18880 particle = gamma
file = 18881 particle = gamma
file = 18882 particle = gamma
file = 18883 particle = gamma
file = 18884 particle = gamma
file = 18885 particle = gamma
file = 18886 particle = gamma
file = 18887 particle = gamma
file = 18888 particle = gamma
file = 18889 particle = gamma
file = 18890 particle = gamma
file = 18891 particle = gamma
file = 18892 particle = gamma
file = 18893 particle = gamma
file = 18894 particle = gamma
file = 18895 particle = gamma
file = 18896 particle = gamma
file = 18897 particle = gamma
file = 18898 particle = gamma
file = 18899 particle = gamma
file = 18900 particle = neutron
file = 18901 particle = gamma
file = 18902 particle = gamma
file = 18903 particle = gamma
file = 18904 particle = gamma
file = 18905 particle = gamma
file = 18906 particle = gamma
file = 18907 particle = gamma
file = 18908 particle = gamma
file = 18909 particle = gamma
file = 18910 particle = gamma
file = 18911 particle = gamma
file = 18912 particle = gamma
file = 18913 particle = gamma
file = 18914 particle = gamma
file = 18915 particle = neutron
file = 18916 particle = gamma
file = 18917 particle = gamma
file = 18918 particle = neutron
file = 18919 particle = gamma
file = 18920 particle = gamma
file = 18921 particle = gamma
file = 18922 particle = gamma
file = 18923 particle = gamma
file = 18924 particle = gamma
file = 18925 particle = gamma
file = 18926 particle = gamma
file = 18927 particle = neutron
file = 18928 particle = gamma
file = 18929 particle = neutron
file = 18930 particle = gamma
file = 18931 particle = gamma
file = 18932 particle = gamma
file = 18933 particle = gamma
file = 18934 particle = gamma
file = 18935 particle = gamma
file = 18936 particle = gamma
file = 18937 particle = gamma
file = 18938 particle = gamma
file = 18939 particle = neutron
file = 18940 particle = gamma
file = 18941 particle = gamma
file = 18942 particle = gamma
file = 18943 particle = neutron
file = 18944 particle = gamma
file = 18945 particle = gamma
file = 18946 particle = gamma
file = 18947 particle = gamma
file = 18948 particle = gamma
file = 18949 particle = gamma
file = 18950 particle = gamma
file = 18951 particle = gamma
file = 18952 particle = gamma
file = 18953 particle = gamma
file = 18954 particle = gamma
file = 18955 particle = gamma
file = 18956 particle = gamma
file = 18957 particle = gamma
file = 18958 particle = gamma
file = 18959 particle = gamma
file = 18960 particle = neutron
file = 18961 particle = gamma
file = 18962 particle = gamma
file = 18963 particle = gamma
file = 18964 particle = gamma
file = 18965 particle = gamma
file = 18966 particle = neutron
file = 18967 particle = neutron
file = 18968 particle = neutron
file = 18969 particle = gamma
file = 18970 particle = gamma
file = 18971 particle = gamma
file = 18972 particle = gamma
file = 18973 particle = gamma
file = 18974 particle = gamma
file = 18975 particle = gamma
file = 18976 particle = gamma
file = 18977 particle = gamma
file = 18978 particle = gamma
file = 18979 particle = gamma
file = 18980 particle = gamma
file = 18981 particle = gamma
file = 18982 particle = gamma
file = 18983 particle = gamma
file = 18984 particle = gamma
file = 18985 particle = gamma
file = 18986 particle = neutron
file = 18987 particle = gamma
file = 18988 particle = gamma
file = 18989 particle = neutron
file = 18990 particle = gamma
file = 18991 particle = neutron
file = 18992 particle = gamma
file = 18993 particle = gamma
file = 18994 particle = gamma
file = 18995 particle = gamma
file = 18996 particle = gamma
file = 18997 particle = gamma
file = 18998 particle = gamma
file = 18999 particle = gamma
file = 19000 particle = gamma
file = 19001 particle = neutron
file = 19002 particle = neutron
file = 19003 particle = gamma
file = 19004 particle = gamma
file = 19005 particle = gamma
file = 19006 particle = gamma
file = 19007 particle = gamma
file = 19008 particle = gamma
file = 19009 particle = neutron
file = 19010 particle = gamma
file = 19011 particle = gamma
file = 19012 particle = gamma
file = 19013 particle = gamma
file = 19014 particle = gamma
file = 19015 particle = neutron
file = 19016 particle = gamma
file = 19017 particle = gamma
file = 19018 particle = neutron
file = 19019 particle = gamma
file = 19020 particle = gamma
file = 19021 particle = gamma
file = 19022 particle = gamma
file = 19023 particle = gamma
file = 19024 particle = gamma
file = 19025 particle = neutron
file = 19026 particle = gamma
file = 19027 particle = gamma
file = 19028 particle = gamma
file = 19029 particle = gamma
file = 19030 particle = neutron
file = 19031 particle = gamma
file = 19032 particle = gamma
file = 19033 particle = gamma
file = 19034 particle = gamma
file = 19035 particle = gamma
file = 19036 particle = gamma
file = 19037 particle = gamma
file = 19038 particle = gamma
file = 19039 particle = gamma
file = 19040 particle = neutron
file = 19041 particle = neutron
file = 19042 particle = gamma
file = 19043 particle = gamma
file = 19044 particle = neutron
file = 19045 particle = gamma
file = 19046 particle = gamma
file = 19047 particle = gamma
file = 19048 particle = gamma
file = 19049 particle = gamma
file = 19050 particle = gamma
file = 19051 particle = gamma
file = 19052 particle = gamma
file = 19053 particle = gamma
file = 19054 particle = gamma
file = 19055 particle = gamma
file = 19056 particle = gamma
file = 19057 particle = gamma
file = 19058 particle = gamma
file = 19059 particle = gamma
file = 19060 particle = gamma
file = 19061 particle = gamma
file = 19062 particle = gamma
file = 19063 particle = gamma
file = 19064 particle = gamma
file = 19065 particle = gamma
file = 19066 particle = gamma
file = 19067 particle = gamma
file = 19068 particle = gamma
file = 19069 particle = gamma
file = 19070 particle = gamma
file = 19071 particle = gamma
file = 19072 particle = gamma
file = 19073 particle = gamma
file = 19074 particle = neutron
file = 19075 particle = gamma
file = 19076 particle = gamma
file = 19077 particle = gamma
file = 19078 particle = gamma
file = 19079 particle = gamma
file = 19080 particle = gamma
file = 19081 particle = gamma
file = 19082 particle = gamma
file = 19083 particle = gamma
file = 19084 particle = gamma
file = 19085 particle = gamma
file = 19086 particle = gamma
file = 19087 particle = gamma
file = 19088 particle = gamma
file = 19089 particle = gamma
file = 19090 particle = gamma
file = 19091 particle = neutron
file = 19092 particle = gamma
file = 19093 particle = gamma
file = 19094 particle = gamma
file = 19095 particle = gamma
file = 19096 particle = gamma
file = 19097 particle = gamma
file = 19098 particle = gamma
file = 19099 particle = gamma
file = 19100 particle = gamma
file = 19101 particle = gamma
file = 19102 particle = neutron
file = 19103 particle = gamma
file = 19104 particle = gamma
file = 19105 particle = gamma
file = 19106 particle = gamma
file = 19107 particle = gamma
file = 19108 particle = gamma
file = 19109 particle = gamma
file = 19110 particle = gamma
file = 19111 particle = gamma
file = 19112 particle = gamma
file = 19113 particle = neutron
file = 19114 particle = gamma
file = 19115 particle = gamma
file = 19116 particle = gamma
file = 19117 particle = gamma
file = 19118 particle = gamma
file = 19119 particle = gamma
file = 19120 particle = gamma
file = 19121 particle = gamma
file = 19122 particle = gamma
file = 19123 particle = gamma
file = 19124 particle = gamma
file = 19125 particle = neutron
file = 19126 particle = neutron
file = 19127 particle = gamma
file = 19128 particle = gamma
file = 19129 particle = gamma
file = 19130 particle = neutron
file = 19131 particle = gamma
file = 19132 particle = gamma
file = 19133 particle = gamma
file = 19134 particle = gamma
file = 19135 particle = gamma
file = 19136 particle = gamma
file = 19137 particle = gamma
file = 19138 particle = neutron
file = 19139 particle = gamma
file = 19140 particle = gamma
file = 19141 particle = gamma
file = 19142 particle = neutron
file = 19143 particle = gamma
file = 19144 particle = gamma
file = 19145 particle = gamma
file = 19146 particle = neutron
file = 19147 particle = gamma
file = 19148 particle = gamma
file = 19149 particle = gamma
file = 19150 particle = gamma
file = 19151 particle = gamma
file = 19152 particle = gamma
file = 19153 particle = gamma
file = 19154 particle = gamma
file = 19155 particle = gamma
file = 19156 particle = gamma
file = 19157 particle = gamma
file = 19158 particle = gamma
file = 19159 particle = gamma
file = 19160 particle = gamma
file = 19161 particle = gamma
file = 19162 particle = gamma
file = 19163 particle = neutron
file = 19164 particle = gamma
file = 19165 particle = gamma
file = 19166 particle = neutron
file = 19167 particle = gamma
file = 19168 particle = neutron
file = 19169 particle = gamma
file = 19170 particle = gamma
file = 19171 particle = neutron
file = 19172 particle = gamma
file = 19173 particle = gamma
file = 19174 particle = neutron
file = 19175 particle = gamma
file = 19176 particle = gamma
file = 19177 particle = gamma
file = 19178 particle = gamma
file = 19179 particle = gamma
file = 19180 particle = gamma
file = 19181 particle = gamma
file = 19182 particle = gamma
file = 19183 particle = gamma
file = 19184 particle = gamma
file = 19185 particle = gamma
file = 19186 particle = gamma
file = 19187 particle = gamma
file = 19188 particle = gamma
file = 19189 particle = gamma
file = 19190 particle = gamma
file = 19191 particle = gamma
file = 19192 particle = gamma
file = 19193 particle = gamma
file = 19194 particle = neutron
file = 19195 particle = gamma
file = 19196 particle = neutron
file = 19197 particle = neutron
file = 19198 particle = neutron
file = 19199 particle = gamma
file = 19200 particle = neutron
file = 19201 particle = gamma
file = 19202 particle = gamma
file = 19203 particle = gamma
file = 19204 particle = gamma
file = 19205 particle = gamma
file = 19206 particle = gamma
file = 19207 particle = gamma
file = 19208 particle = neutron
file = 19209 particle = neutron
file = 19210 particle = neutron
file = 19211 particle = gamma
file = 19212 particle = neutron
file = 19213 particle = neutron
file = 19214 particle = gamma
file = 19215 particle = gamma
file = 19216 particle = gamma
file = 19217 particle = gamma
file = 19218 particle = gamma
file = 19219 particle = gamma
file = 19220 particle = neutron
file = 19221 particle = gamma
file = 19222 particle = gamma
file = 19223 particle = gamma
file = 19224 particle = gamma
file = 19225 particle = gamma
file = 19226 particle = neutron
file = 19227 particle = neutron
file = 19228 particle = gamma
file = 19229 particle = gamma
file = 19230 particle = gamma
file = 19231 particle = neutron
file = 19232 particle = gamma
file = 19233 particle = gamma
file = 19234 particle = gamma
file = 19235 particle = neutron
file = 19236 particle = gamma
file = 19237 particle = gamma
file = 19238 particle = gamma
file = 19239 particle = gamma
file = 19240 particle = gamma
file = 19241 particle = neutron
file = 19242 particle = gamma
total gamma = 41994 total neutron = 8010
